
	LFT Experimental Fleet:

	This Terran unit takes part in the first skirmish against MATERIA and 
suffers high losses in the bargain. Initially, it consists of 126 
spaceships, of which the 120 spherical-spacers that are 200 meters across 
are completely unmanned. They are fully combat-capable battle cruisers of 
the REMOTE-Class navigated with syntronics. The volume that is normally used 
for the crew can now be built up in these ships for additional technical 
installations. The 120 smaller spherical-spacers are navigated by the six 
500 meter diameter units, the HOST spacers, to which also the flagship 
RIO-TOCA belongs.
	Each of the 500 meter cruisers is responsible as a command-unit for leading 
twenty Terran robot ships per remote control. This is only possible in the 
present form here, while particular hyper radio-stations and - receivers are 
created. These new wireless installations have an extremely large and 
technically very selective bandwidth which in turn can transfer an extremely 
large quantity of individual information. With one such bandwidth, even the 
smaller units can be steered reliably to the periphery of the 200 meter 
spacers.
	The six navigation-ships maintain a separate control center with separate 
personnel for each of its twenty battle-cruisers. Through these separated 
control centers, the battle-cruisers are controlled by specifically trained 
specialists by remote control. The so-called detachment-commanders are 
responsible for a coordinated staff. It only becomes problematic if the 
radio communication is broken off in a combat-situation. Then they would 
take command over the syntronics of the battle-cruisers on their own.
	All battle-cruisers are equipped with twelve transform canons of 1000 
gigaton caliber. Even through remote control they represent a remarkable 
force, with which an opponent should better not quarrel, - while the 
detachment-commanders give their commands in relative safety.


	Monkey:

	Under management by the Oxtorns the new USO has emerged, a powerful 
organization of agents according to an old model. Monkey is born an Oxtorn, 
his accustomed environment is at 4.8 G's. He is 1.99 meters tall, has olive 
colored skin, and is hairless. As a result of an accident he lost his 
vision; thus, on the basis of the type of injury, his eyes could no longer 
be replaced with a clone-replication. Since then, he carries extremely 
strange appearing charcoal-gray implants that look at first, to an outsider 
close by, to move like that of an android or even a robot. The implants are 
circular at four centimeters in diameter and remind one of 
camera-objectives; however, they have no resemblance with eyes in the human 
sense. Monkey has on these implants the possibility to be switchable with 
microscope, telescope and infrared functions. Moreover, scenes are able to 
be stored and repeated anytime.
	Monkey behaves dutifully and locates his objective, even if he would be 
outside his body. He seems he not to know humor. Currently, he has obtained 
from Lotho Keraete, the courier from IT, a cell activator that grants him 
relative immortality. His first reaction was to refuse that.


	Oxtorns:

	In the year 2234, the settling of the eighth planet of the sun Illema took 
place in the center of the star-cluster Praesepe after the emergency landing 
of a Terran emigrant ship. No other choice remained for the shipwrecked than 
to physically adapt themselves through genetic change to their new 
environment. From the fourth generation on, the average height lay at 1.9 
meters, and the shoulder width at 1.2 meters. Their tan skin appears silken, 
but they neither have head hair nor whiskers, however, they still have 
eyebrows. The skeleton and musculature of an Oxtorn is compared in its 
resistance with plastisteel.
	Oxtorns are, thanks to an "unregulated organic process" also in a position 
to adapt themselves without a microgravitator to any inferior gravity. In 
the early years of the Solar Empire, Oxtorns were part of the elite soldiers 
of the space fleet. Omar Hawk became especially famous.

	Solar Prison:

	The solar prison in the Chearth Galaxy consists of altogether 61 suns. In 
combining this specially mixed hyper-spectra it produces and forms the 
shield-field which imprisons the Guan-a-Var. These 61 hyper-emitters form a 
concentration with a diameter of approximately two light-months. The stars 
are distributed in irregular intervals, and forms an approximately 
globular-configuration, however. They are all of different size and belong 
to different spectral types; however, they are highly radiant stars with 
great hyper-energies that were artificially coordinated by the Nonggo one on 
top of the other a long time ago.
	Although this artificially created concentration of suns looks at first 
glance to be a chaotic "geometry of energy" it nevertheless prevails. The 
pattern that all the suns ultimately form together in the hyper-spectrum is 
a three-dimensional geometrical fence that represents the insurmountable 
shield-field for the Guan-a-Var.
	The position of the solar prison lies in the northern periphery of the 
Chearth Galaxy - in fact on that side that the Milky Way - and the Algion 
Galaxy are turned towards. For this reason, the Terrans cannot locate this 
incredibly strong hyper-source from Mankind's galaxy. The solar prison 
presents itself to the contrary as a huge cosmic beacon from Algion's point 
of view. Its hyper-energy fields are very powerful in a vicinity of three 
light-years, and in addition have a disturbing effect on every technology in 
this area, therefore on also the dependability of hyperlight engines.



	Ronald Tekener:

	The Terran was born in the year 2373 of the Old Calendar. At the age of 33 
years he showed up as a USO Spezialist, and had already became known at the 
beginning of his career as a gambler and a daringly-wild go-getter. His 
specialty was cosmo-psychology, and at the same time he distinguished 
himself thanks to an extensive criminalist sense. For many years he worked 
as a cosmo-criminalogist together with Sinclair Marout Kennen, the best 
friend that he ever had. They both achieved outstanding successes as a team 
in the 25th century of the Old Calendar. In the year 2409, Tekener found on 
the planet Khaza an up to now undiscovered cell activator and took this. 
Therefore, he became relatively immortal at the age of 36 years.
	Early on, his pockmarks that have disfigured his face were a trademark of 
the galactic gambler. They are the results of Lashat fever. Lashat smallpox 
was an almost incurable illness that was caused by a virus on the planet 
Lashat. Therefore this world was feared and avoided. Tekener looked for 
important missions on it despite this danger. The scars are a  proof of his 
uncommon courage. He received his nickname "Smiler" because of his notorious 
smile in the riskiest situations. All possible exotic weapons are Tekener's 
particular hobby.


	Segafrendo:

	The Segafrendo Galaxy lies approximately 36 million light-years removed 
from the Milky Way. It lies out of sight from Sol behind the galactic 
center, therefore, it cannot be measured with the present-day methods from 
the Earth. The Westside of Segafrendo is turned to the Milky way. It is a 
globular-galaxy of the type E0, that has a diameter of 270,000 light-years.  
It can be assumed to have a total-mass of more than five trillion 
solar-masses - as compared with M87 which is an elliptical galaxy in the 
constellation Virgo. (Galaxies are classified by type: 
Spiral{Sa,Sb,Sc}/Barred Spiral{SBa,SBb,SBc}; Elliptical{E0 to E7,S0}; 
Irregular{Irr}.)


        Myles Kantor:

	The son of the so-called synergistic duets Enza Mansoor and Notkus Kantor 
was born on December 1st 1147 New Galactic Calendar. He is 1.78 meters tall 
and has a lean, bony face with big eyes and thick brows. The smooth hair is 
parted, but a strand hangs over his eyes constantly. Cantor possesses a 
so-called clock tic: His big passion is collecting of clocks. The Terran 
scientist has a cell activator, is as a result theoretically immortal and 
belongs since its foundation to the Camelot movement of Perry Rhodan - even 
if he remains active on the Earth.


	Laire:

	The robot in the service of the Cosmocrats is 2.52 meters tall, the 
body-shape corresponds to that of an over-slender individual, for that 
reason it is aesthetically shapely. (To look up its life's story refer to 
the Perry Rhodan novel 900.) Laire wears no clothing. On the contrary, its 
surface consists of a highly exotic sheer-metal that is normally relatively 
soft. On demand, Laire can change the structure of its skin. The robot has 
anthropoid arms and legs, however, it has six fingers and six toes on each.
	The robot comes from the technology of the Cosmocrats; thus, one estimates 
its age at several millions of years. It was active for millions of years by 
order of the Cosmocrats, in addition its left eye was especially important: 
IT allowed it to go behind the matter well.         Its existence changed 
when the Loowers stole its left eye and hid it at an unknown place. Later it 
became the guard of the stolen spore-ship PAN-THAU-RA and influenced the 
civilization of the anthropoid Wynger. In the year 2586, a meeting occurred 
with Perry Rhodan, who obtained Laire's eye in the end as a present of the 
Cosmocrats. In the year 3587, Laire of the Cosmocrats received a new eye, 
and a little later it was finally called behind the matter well.


	OLD MAN:

	The giant robot was built approximately 52,000 years before by people under 
the command of major Gus Barnard. Barnard and his squad had traveled 
voluntarily into the past in order to help Perry Rhodan and his crew. Since 
the meeting didn't come into existence, the Bernard-team decided 
nevertheless to help Mankind of the actual-present, and constructed the 
gigantic structure: OLD MAN. It was a hemisphere with a diameter of 200 
kilometers. Twelve sections that were used as platforms were fortified on 
this main-body. Therefore, 15,080 ultra-battleships could be transported 
with the help of OLD MAN. But when the ship finally arrived in the Terran 
"present", it suffered from computer malfunctions - it led to confrontations 
and in the end gigantic space battles. Later on, the Terran's OLD MAN could 
accept ownership until the robot was destroyed completely in August 2437 
during the attack of the Ulebs on the Sol System.



@@@
###

Perry Rhodan Mailing List: For help, send e-mail to Perry_Rhodan@Herakles.com
with the subject set to 'help' To unsubscribe send e-mail to Perry-Rhodan@Herakles.com
with the subject line set to unsubscribe
Other questions? Send e-mail to KWallen@Herakles.com




Hi Group

Here are  some more glossary terms for you to look over.
By the way, its getting hot in Phoenix. It was 105 F at noon and its 
supposed to hit 110 F, and summer is still a month away.


	Ronald Tekener:

	The Terran was born in the year 2373 of the Old Calendar. At the age of 33 
years he showed up as a USO Spezialist, and had already became known at the 
beginning of his career as a gambler and a daringly-wild go-getter. His 
specialty was cosmo-psychology, and at the same time he distinguished 
himself thanks to an extensive criminalist sense. For many years he worked 
as a cosmo-criminalogist together with Sinclair Marout Kennen, the best 
friend that he ever had. They both achieved outstanding successes as a team 
in the 25th century of the Old Calendar. In the year 2409, Tekener found on 
the planet Khaza an up to now undiscovered cell activator and took this. 
Therefore, he became relatively immortal at the age of 36 years.
	Early on, his pockmarks that have disfigured his face were a trademark of 
the galactic gambler. They are the results of Lashat fever. Lashat smallpox 
was an almost incurable illness that was caused by a virus on the planet 
Lashat. Therefore this world was feared and avoided. Tekener looked for 
important missions on it despite this danger. The scars are a  proof of his 
uncommon courage. He received his nickname "Smiler" because of his notorious 
smile in the riskiest situations. All possible exotic weapons are Tekener's 
particular hobby.


	Segafrendo:

	The Segafrendo Galaxy lies approximately 36 million light-years removed 
from the Milky Way. It lies out of sight from Sol behind the galactic 
center, therefore, it cannot be measured with the present-day methods from 
the Earth. The Westside of Segafrendo is turned to the Milky way. It is a 
globular-galaxy of the type E0, that has a diameter of 270,000 light-years.  
It can be assumed to have a total-mass of more than five trillion 
solar-masses - as compared with M87 which is an elliptical galaxy in the 
constellation Virgo. (Galaxies are classified by type: 
Spiral{Sa,Sb,Sc}/Barred Spiral{SBa,SBb,SBc}; Elliptical{E0 to E7,S0}; 
Irregular{Irr}.)


        Myles Kantor:

	The son of the so-called synergistic duets Enza Mansoor and Notkus Kantor 
was born on December 1st 1147 New Galactic Calendar. He is 1.78 meters tall 
and has a lean, bony face with big eyes and thick brows. The smooth hair is 
parted, but a strand hangs over his eyes constantly. Cantor possesses a 
so-called clock tic: His big passion is collecting of clocks. The Terran 
scientist has a cell activator, is as a result theoretically immortal and 
belongs since its foundation to the Camelot movement of Perry Rhodan - even 
if he remains active on the Earth.


	Laire:

	The robot in the service of the Cosmocrats is 2.52 meters tall, the 
body-shape corresponds to that of an over-slender individual, for that 
reason it is aesthetically shapely. (To look up its life's story refer to 
the Perry Rhodan novel 900.) Laire wears no clothing. On the contrary, its 
surface consists of a highly exotic sheer-metal that is normally relatively 
soft. On demand, Laire can change the structure of its skin. The robot has 
anthropoid arms and legs, however, it has six fingers and six toes on each.
	The robot comes from the technology of the Cosmocrats; thus, one estimates 
its age at several millions of years. It was active for millions of years by 
order of the Cosmocrats, in addition its left eye was especially important: 
IT allowed it to go behind the matter well.         Its existence changed 
when the Loowers stole its left eye and hid it at an unknown place. Later it 
became the guard of the stolen spore-ship PAN-THAU-RA and influenced the 
civilization of the anthropoid Wynger. In the year 2586, a meeting occurred 
with Perry Rhodan, who obtained Laire's eye in the end as a present of the 
Cosmocrats. In the year 3587, Laire of the Cosmocrats received a new eye, 
and a little later it was finally called behind the matter well.


	OLD MAN:

	The giant robot was built approximately 52,000 years before by people under 
the command of major Gus Barnard. Barnard and his squad had traveled 
voluntarily into the past in order to help Perry Rhodan and his crew. Since 
the meeting didn't come into existence, the Bernard-team decided 
nevertheless to help Mankind of the actual-present, and constructed the 
gigantic structure: OLD MAN. It was a hemisphere with a diameter of 200 
kilometers. Twelve sections that were used as platforms were fortified on 
this main-body. Therefore, 15,080 ultra-battleships could be transported 
with the help of OLD MAN. But when the ship finally arrived in the Terran 
"present", it suffered from computer malfunctions - it led to confrontations 
and in the end gigantic space battles. Later on, the Terran's OLD MAN could 
accept ownership until the robot was destroyed completely in August 2437 
during the attack of the Ulebs on the Sol System.


Tschüs

D. Menard
_________________________________________________________________
Get your FREE download of MSN Explorer at http://explorer.msn.com

-----------------------------------------------------------------
Perry Rhodan Mailing List: For help, send e-mail to Perry_Rhodan@Herakles.com
with the subject set to 'help' To unsubscribe send e-mail to Perry-Rhodan@Herakles.com
with the subject line set to unsubscribe
Other questions? Send e-mail to KWallen@Herakles.com




Hi Group

Here are a couple more glossary terms for you to look over.
Thanks for putting these on your website, Peter.

        SOL:

	The legendary long-distance spaceship of the Terrans was consummated in the 
year 3540 Old Calendar; however, the plans had existed for a long time 
previously, but it was first built when the Earth was already in the 
Maelstrom of Stars. The SOL was regarded at that time as a combination 
bearer-battleship made of three units: altogether two spherical spacers of 
2500 meters in diameter as well as a cylindrical midsection with a length 
and a diameter of 1500 meters. It's outside hull as well as the essential 
components of the three parts consists almost exclusively of a 
Ynkelonium-Terkonite laminated steel. (To look up the adventures about the 
start of the SOL, refer to the Perry Rhodan novels 700 to 702.)
	Perry Rhodan was expelled with the SOL as well as his confidants and 
approximately 10,000 immune people of the aphily, the "unloving" mankind of 
the Earth. Since essential stored-data had been erased, the SOL required an 
odyssey of several decades in which they found out essential secrets of the 
Council of the Seven, until they finally came back to mankind's galaxy in 
the year 3581. (The SOL adventures of this time as well as the reports about 
the Earth of the Aphily is to be found in the Perry Rhodan novels 700 to 
749.)
	Perry Rhodan and the SOL left after that once more: They located Earth, 
they resorted to conflict with the Superintelligence BARDIOC and the Empress 
of Therm and traveled to the spore-ship PAN-THAU-RA. In the year 3586, Perry 
Rhodan handed over the generation ship to the Solans, those people that 
lived on board the SOL in the meantime. (To look up  all this among other 
things, refer to the Perry Rhodan volumes 750 to 899.) The SOL then vanished 
in the depths of the universe without a trace and was no longer seen.
	In the subsequent years, the society on board the SOL disintegrated. In the 
year 3781, The Arkonide Atlan found the crew of the SOL that drifted in 
space, and assumed charge of it. The activator-bearer gave the SOL personnel 
new objectives. After a twenty-year odyssey, the personnel of the SOL began 
a new activity in the space sector Varnhagher-Ghynnst: The SOL operated as a 
so-called Spoodie ship from now on. (These events is described in the 
Atlan-series novels from volume 500). In the year 425 NGZ Atlan came back 
with the SOL to the Earth. The spaceship took part after that in numerous 
renewed activities of Mankind before it disappeared in the depths of the 
universe once again in the year 429 NGZ.
	After the SOL personnel had taken care of several missions for the 
Cosmocrat, a conflict occurred - its cause is still unknown. The crew was 
deported, the ship rebuilt in the cosmic factory MATERIA for the new 
flagship of Shabazza, who acted with help of the SOL against Thoregon. On 
the planet Century-I in the DaGlausch galaxy Perry Rhodan was able to 
recapture his old ship. (To look up, refer to Perry Rhodan volume 1950.) 
Since then, the SOL has been the flagship of the sixth envoy of Thoregon 
under its "second name" THOREGON-VI.


	Quinto-Center:

	The secret headquarters of the new USO is an asteroid in principle with a 
diameter of 62 kilometers. It looks completely innocuous from the outside; 
however, this floating asteroid in empty space is completely hollowed out, 
its outer rock crust exactly six kilometers thick. The cavity has an overall 
internal span of a good fifty kilometers and is equipped with 500 
main-decks, each with a height of 100 meters. Countless stiffening elements, 
column struts, star supports and a fundamental interior construction solidly 
holds the structure.
	The spherical main control center lies exactly in the spherical center, and 
is 800 meters across. Because of twelve armored shafts that are used 
simultaneously as rapid connections to the surface, the control center is 
supported in a type of twelve-point suspension. Thirty eight large power 
plants group themselves around it as though at ordered points on a spherical 
shell. Moreover, a large transmitter is part of this inside security area.
	Quinto-Center is - thanks to Metagrav technology - fit for a very 
negligible speed above light. Emergency impulse-engines are still available 
for minor acceleration. These came from the days of the old USO and was used 
for a minor change in position at that time. For establishing security, 
Quinto-Center moves its location again and again, albeit only in each case 
about few light-years. Moreover, it moves in not quite a cube, the length on 
a side is approximately a hundred light-years.
	Within the asteroid, there are magazines of all types, well-stocked weapons 
depots and spare parts stores, lodgings for people, conforming environments 
and all possible alien creatures, sport stadiums, workrooms, places of 
training and innumerable possibilities to pursue amusement. Of course there 
are laboratories, workrooms with technical and scientific production, giant 
archives or hyperinpotronics. In the hangars, spaceships can be 
accommodated, and can be completely repaired in the maintenance-stalls.
	On the largely natural surface 3430 retractable armored towers are housed, 
each are equipped with three ultra heavy transform-cannons. Each of the 
10,900 cannons has an effective capacity for fusion bombs of 4000 gigatons 
as compared to TNT. Furthermore, 2000 quadruple-guns are available with 
thermo-cannons or impulse-beamers, disintegrators, interval-guns and 
vibrators. The defensive weapons correspond to the most modern level of 
technology; also, there are many times staggered HÜ- and Paratron shields.
	Despite this weapons-conglomeration, Quinto-Center is in no way regarded as 
unassailable, but in the opposite is extremely susceptible. Extensive 
offense-fleets are massed quickly exactly in the no man's land between the 
LFT and crystal-empire. The advantage of Quinto-Center lies in its secret 
location, that on this account is respectively regarded as the biggest 
mystery of the USO. Additionally, the center of the new USO can be protected 
with an ATG-Field.


Adieu

D. Menard
_________________________________________________________________
Get your FREE download of MSN Explorer at http://explorer.msn.com

-----------------------------------------------------------------
Perry Rhodan Mailing List: For help, send e-mail to Perry_Rhodan@Herakles.com
with the subject set to 'help' To unsubscribe send e-mail to Perry-Rhodan@Herakles.com
with the subject line set to unsubscribe
Other questions? Send e-mail to KWallen@Herakles.com





Hi Group

Here are some more glossary terms for you to look over. All the heftes from 
1900 onwards have glossaries in them. Is anyone putting these somewhere on a 
website?



	Free Traders:

	In the 24th and 25th centuries of the Old Calendar, the organization of 
Free Traders developed from Terrans as well as other inhabitants of 
settlement worlds of the Solar Empire. Under the leadership of Lovely 
Boscyk, they tried to break the trade monopoly of the Springers that still 
controlled the bulk of the galactic trade outside the Solar Empire. The Free 
Traders, also known as "the free-riders of the 25th century," gave 
themselves a strict hierarchy with titles that they took from early Terran 
history. Lovely Boscyk was proclaimed as emperor. Because Olymp was the 
chief planet - later the center of the Free Traders - and she had discovered 
its sun, the sun was named after her: as Boscyks Star. Second in the ranks 
of the Free Traders was a certain Roi Danton in the year 2435. Michael 
Rhodan, the son of Perry Rhodan who wanted to step out out of the shadow of 
his father, hid under this pseudonym. In the year 2435, the Free Traders 
were an important power with 7500 modern spaceships within the Milky Way, 
however they then turned into close allies of the Solar Empire. After Boscyk 
had died and Michael Rhodan had come back to the side of his father, the 
Free Traders were tied more closely to the Solar Empire under the new 
Emperor Anson Argyris. At the current time of action, there has not been 
this organization for a long time, however, the world Olymp is associated 
with the League of Free Terrans and counts as one of the most important 
trade worlds of the known Milky Way.


	Olymp:

	The Boscyks Star system lies 6309 light years away from the Earth in a 
little occupied branch of the galactic Eastside. Olymp, the second world of 
this sun, is regarded as one of the most important trade planets of the 
Milky Way. The planet has a diameter of 11,114 kilometers with a gravity of 
1.03 G's. Its capital, Trade City, is a pulsating metropolis which lies 
north of the equator and has already been occupied for centuries by 
approximately fifty million people that are similar to our kind. Up to the 
year 2430 of the old calendar, Olymp was virtually insignificant; however, 
since the planet became the headquarters of the Free Traders, everything 
developed with incredible speed. Olymp is officially an independent planet 
that has entered into an agreement of association with the League of Free 
Terrans at the present time.


	Camelot:

	The base-world of the activator-bearers lies in the periphery of the 
globular star-cluster M30. The 12,900 kilometers across planet, that had 
become known earlier as Phoenix, orbits the yellow-white sun Cares at a 
distance of 160 million kilometers. Camelot is a planet like one cannot 
imagine it to be - more earth-like and heavenly. That refers to the overall 
balanced climate as well as to the wildlife. The gravity amounts to 0.82 
G's, the average temperature lies two degrees above the average Terra Norm. 
One Camelot day lasts 28 hours and 32 minutes. The planet is orbited by the 
two moons Charon and Styx.
	At the present time of action, Camelot has become inhabited officially by 
approximately one half million individuals and other Galactic people; 
however, many are constantly underway on their missions so that the actual 
population is clearly lower. In the year 1233 the activator-bearers with 
Perry Rhodan visited for the first time the former "free-rider world" that 
had been in a conflict of great importance against the Monos Dictatorship, 
however, since then it had been mostly forgotten. The laying of the 
foundation-stone of Port Arthur, the new capital of the planet, that was 
renamed at this time on Camelot, took place in the year 1235. At the latest 
since 1241 NGZ, Camelot was the place of refuge of the cell 
activator-bearers that had retreated officially from the public.


	Icho Tolot:

	As first member of his people, the Haluter scientist accepted contact with 
the rising mankind in the year 2400 of the Old Calendar. Together with the 
Terrans, Icho Tolot took part in a venture to Andromeda and became involved 
with the struggles against the Masters of the Island. He is one of the 
truest friends of Perry Rhodan. (To look up these events in the cycle "The 
Masters of the Island", refer to Perry Rhodan books 21 to 32) Haluers are 
especially long-lived, they can be approximately 3000 years old; therefore, 
Icho Tolot "required" no cell activator for a long time. Since the year 
3582, he has been one of the relative immortals in the sphere of influence 
of IT. Finally, Icho Tolot was active in the Puydor Galaxy where the 
machinations had lost Shabazza. There, with his friends Pucky and Julian 
Tifflor he fought against Jii'Nevever, the dreamer of Puydor, and succeeded 
in the end to bring freedom again to Puydors' inhabitants. (To look up, 
refer to the Perry Rhodan novels 1900 to 1949.) The Haluter giant liked to 
name his Terran friends "my children," to Perry Rhodan, he frequently said 
"my small one," and he was associated with the small mousebeaver Pucky in an 
intensive friendship through all the years.


	Haluter:

	At approximately 30,000 light years away from the Sol System circles Haluta 
the planet as a single satellite about the weak-red sun halut, that lies 
deep in the central concentration of the Milky Way. There live the Haluters, 
the descendants of the beasts from the galaxy M87. A Haluter is on average 
three and a half meters tall and has a shoulder width of two and a half 
meters; their average weight lies under normal gravity at 40 hundredweights. 
The Haluter moves on two short, six toed column-like legs in front; however, 
with his two pair of arms with six jointed hands he can also use the lower 
pair for locomotion - on all four a Haluter can reach a speed up to 120 
kilometers an hour. The head is hemispheric and is dominated by three 
red-hot eyes; in this lies his common - and his plan-brain. A Haluter friend 
is Icho Tolot, who appeared in the year 2400 of the Old Calendar to make 
contact with the Terrans.



Ciao

D. Menard
_________________________________________________________________
Get your FREE download of MSN Explorer at http://explorer.msn.com

-----------------------------------------------------------------
Perry Rhodan Mailing List: For help, send e-mail to Perry_Rhodan@Herakles.com
with the subject set to 'help' To unsubscribe send e-mail to Perry-Rhodan@Herakles.com
with the subject line set to unsubscribe
Other questions? Send e-mail to KWallen@Herakles.com





Hi Group

Here is another group glossary terms for you to read.



	Porleyter:

	The members of this people fought until 2.2 million years ago by the order 
of the Cosmocrats for  order within the universe. Thus they were the 
forerunners of the Knights of the Deep. Practically over two million years 
before, the Porleyter retreated from the events on the cosmic stage;however, 
some of their arms and facilities were still used by the Cosmocrats and 
their servants until recent time.


	Gurrad:

	The prevalent people within the Magellanic clouds populates a few hundred 
planets in these two small Galaxy, that are off the edge of the Milky Way. 
The Terrans had already come upon the Gurrad in the year 2435, since trade 
contacts existed then. The Gurrad have a humanoid form with two arms and two 
legs, however because of their characteristic mane it calls to mind the 
completely distant lions. For this reason there is also the expression 
"lion-men" for this people.


	Knights the the Deep:

	Goal of this cosmic guard-order is the creation and protection of a 
harmonic cosmic order. The order was established (obviously not the first of 
its type) approximately 2.3 million years ago through Terak Terakdschan - 
its seat is the Dom Kesdschan on the planet of Khrat in the galaxy 
Norgan-Tur. Each knight of the deep fights with his helpers, the so-called 
Orbitern, the endeavors of the negative powers in the universe. After his 
death, he hands over a part of his spirit in the Dom Kesdschen. - At times 
Perry Rhodan and Atlan also carried the titles of a knight of the deep. They 
both dissociated themselves from the Cosmocrats in the year 429 NGZ however, 
and were subsequently banished from the sphere of influence of IT.


	Dao-Lin-H'ay:

	The Kartan experienced a meteoric career before she turned into an 
activator-bearer. She came from one of the great families of her people. As 
a protector, she was initially responsible for the Paratau Transport from 
the small Fornax Galaxy into the native Pinwheel Galaxy. In addition the 
Kartan got in contact with the Terrans for the first time - at that time 
also completely in form of combat. In July 430 NGZ she was sent into action 
as commander over a new long-distance space fleet of the Kartanin. Their 
ships would cover the distance of forty million light-years until in the 
sphere of influence of Estartu. In the sphere of influence, Dao-Lin-H'ay set 
in motion the massive Lao-Sinh project where she founded the first Kartanin 
colonies. Later, she was called back home to occupy a seat of knowledge 
there.
	Through the consequences of the great cosmic catastrophe, Dao-Lin-H'ay was 
also trapped for 695 years in a stasis field before she came back with Perry 
Rhodan into the Milky Way. In the year 1174 NGZ she received a cell 
activator from IT. At this time she had a biological age of 69 years. In 
subsequent years, she functioned as galactic council for the Kartanin - and 
in the year 1180 NGZ the Kartan began her long-term relationship with the 
Terran Ronald Tekener.


	Magellanic Clouds:

	The Great Magellanic cloud has a diameter of approximately 25,000 light 
years and has approximately ten billion suns. The small Magellanic Cloud has 
two billion suns with a diameter of 10,000 light years. Both are small 
satellite galaxies that are approximately 200,000 light years away from 
Terra and became interconnected with our galaxy through a bridge of cosmic 
dust and hydrogen gas. Both Magellanic Clouds contain lots of gas, dust, and 
blue stars indicating youthful activity and ongoing star formation. Both 
also contain many old stars and several old globular clusters showing that 
star formation has been going on there for a very long time. They can be 
seen from Earth's southern hemisphere.


Salut
D. Menard
_________________________________________________________________
Get your FREE download of MSN Explorer at http://explorer.msn.com

-----------------------------------------------------------------
Perry Rhodan Mailing List: For help, send e-mail to Perry_Rhodan@Herakles.com
with the subject set to 'help' To unsubscribe send e-mail to Perry-Rhodan@Herakles.com
with the subject line set to unsubscribe
Other questions? Send e-mail to KWallen@Herakles.com

Hi Group

Here are some more glossary terms for you to read. Like someone mentioned, 
maybe someone could add them to a website.

Enjoy!

        NGZ:

	The New Galactic Calendar was introduced by Perry Rhodan in the year 3588 
Christian Era. It marked at that time the beginning of a new era, that of 
the Cosmic House. The NGZ is in use on numerous planets of the Milky Way, 
above all on worlds populated by human beings and their descendants. 
Nevertheless, there are still in each case their own calendars that depend 
on the planet's revolution and rotation within each system.


	GOOD HOPE III

	A spherical spacer with a diameter of 120 meters. The ship was built three 
hundred years ago and belonged to a trade organization that had gone into 
bankruptcy in the meantime. After loss of ownership, it was first stored at 
the mothball-field in Alashan. The reactivation under this new and 
suggestive name, that should remind us of the initial years of Terran space 
travel, first took place after the Alashan district was transferred to the 
DaGlausch Galaxy - 23.5 million light years away - by the Heliotic 
Stronghold situated in the Sol System. The ship is in the autumn of 1290 NGZ 
one of two above light-speed units of the Alashan nation.


	DaGlausch

	The double-galaxy Whirlpool consists of two galaxies lying side by side, 
that is connected by a matter-bridge. The bigger of the both is NGC 5194, 
named DaGlausch, with a diameter of 38,000 light-years. In the region of the 
double-galaxy, DaGlausch is regarded as the more important and more 
prosperous part. Prevailing slang is the Glausching.


	High Energy Overload Shield

	Abbreviation: HÜ-Shield. In this connection, it is an impenetrable 
energy-field that deals with conventional energy weapons. It was first 
observed in the old calendar year 2400 with the spaceships of the Maahks. By 
only point-blank firing with gravitational bombs, a could structure-gap be 
created at that time for fractions of a second in the green gleaming shield. 
Terran scientists had found out that the structure of the HÜ-Shield dealt 
with five-dimensional stable field units with an unstable libration 
overload-zone. This overload zone is prerequisite for an effect that 
approaches the energy balance of the gap between the fourth and fifth 
dimension (linear space). Before the introduction of the paratron-shield one 
of the most important defensive-weapons of the solar fleet.                  
                                                                             
                                                                             
                             I'll do some more soon
bye for now
D. Menard



_________________________________________________________________
Get your FREE download of MSN Explorer at http://explorer.msn.com

-----------------------------------------------------------------
Perry Rhodan Mailing List: For help, send e-mail to Perry_Rhodan@Herakles.com
with the subject set to 'help' To unsubscribe send e-mail to Perry-Rhodan@Herakles.com
with the subject line set to unsubscribe
Other questions? Send e-mail to KWallen@Herakles.com


Here are some more glossary terms. They come from  issue 2072.  By th eway, 
I've lost the bookmark for the online encyclopedia. Could someone repost it 
please?
Thanks,
Jerry

CERES-Class
The light cruisers of this class have a diameter of 100 meters and usually 
possess a crew of 50 men. The acceleration amounts to 1230 kilometers per 
second square, and a hyperlight factor of 78 millions can be reached. Two 
main and two emergency-Metagravs are the principal items in the engine 
section, but in addition there are four Gravojet-engines as well as impulse 
and Antigrav-engines. Fivefold graduated Paratron-screens and fivefold 
graduated HÜ-protection shields as well as various force screens passively 
protect the ship. 16 Disintegrator cannons, and 14 transform cannons belong 
to the active armament (up to 3000 Gigatons, two MHV hybrid artilleries 
(with choice of with Thermo, Disintegrator-or Paralyzers) as well as space 
torpedo launchers. In addition, the virtual reality projectors can be used 
in case of emergency.

Kalups Gate
This solar system contains an orange K1V sun, which is circled by three 
planets. Professor Arno Kalup started some test flights with the legendary 
Kalup-Converters in 2102 from here; there is no significance to the choice 
of name for the system entirely apart from that. The distance to Terra is 
19.569 light-years, and to Arkon 21.762. The three planets are called Gate 
and then numbered. Gate 1 and Gate 2 are airless rock balls, while Gate 3 
becomes, during January 1304 NGZ, the new location of the Terran fleet. Gate 
1 has a diameter of 7165 kilometers, with a gravity of 0,56 G’s and circles 
the sun at a radius of 44,7 million kilometers. Gate 2 with a diameter of 
6291 kilometers, has a gravity of 0,49 G’s as well as an orbital distance of 
74,5 million kilometers.

Larg as Monium
The fourth planet of Largs star circles the sun in an orbital distance of 
152 million kilometers. The planet has a diameter of 16.829 kilometers and a 
gravity of 1,06 G’s.

Largs star
The yellow G9V sun is 8,66 light-years from Arkon, and 10,17 light-years 
from Zalit. It is 33.992 light-years from Terra

LEIF ERIKSSON
Despite its ponderous look, this spaceship of the DISCOVERER class is one of 
the most modern and powerful units of the League of Free Terrans. In January 
1304 NGZ there are not more than eight of its class in existence. The 
technology of the space giants of the DISCOVERER'S CLASS is of a class by 
itself, with the system "crank handle" to the transition backup systems as 
well as the most modern applications of Variomaterial energy form material 
projectors. This explains the enormous volume of the DISCOVERER Class ships. 
The DISCOVERER'S units are all provided with syntronisch-positronischen 
systems. It can be switched at any time onto exclusively positronic 
steering/logic/control technology while the normal technology running, 
however, is of course syntronics.
The crew consists of 500 people, plus the crews of 60 cruisers, which 
corresponds to another 3000 people, two people in each case aboard 100 
Space-Jets as well as the space landing units with altogether 300 soldiers. 
The total standard crew is therefore 4000 men.
The LEIF ERIKSSON has a diamter of 1800 meters; the material of the outside 
hull is a reddish-blue Ynkelonium-Terkonit-Legierung (Ynkonit) in a 
double-hulled sandwich construction, generally five meters thick. There is 
no ring bulge; instead the equator has a two-storied gallery hangar area 
which is usually covered only by force fields.
Altogether there are 18 main decks of 100-meter height; they are subdivided 
again into up to 20 floors. With two meters thick surface layers each main 
deck represents a disc capable of being closed off. Entry between cells 
takes place only through airlocks, which also deal with the vertical 
Antigrav shafts – not just as a protection function, but also to balance the 
atmospheric pressure differences.
There is no central Antigrav shaft, but four such main connections that run 
through the periphery of the central ball; eight other such central 
connections lie in a circle of 400 meters radius. In the outer area 32 other 
shafts connect both engine ring decks, while hundreds of other intermediate 
shafts connect up to five main decks.
In each case in the lower and upper third of the ball the circulating 
"engine rings" of 100-meter height (300 meters from each pole). They serve 
as admission to twelve impulse engines as well as four Metagrav-blocks in 
modular construction for fast exchange. Furthermore modules of twelve 
Antigrav-units as well as twelve external-Gravojets exist for atmosphere 
flight; one impulse engine, an Antigrav-unit and an outside flight 
Gravojet-engine form a triple-form flight capacity.
With the impulse engine an acceleration of 880 kilometers per second squared 
can be reached in the hyperlight area. The Metagrav-engines reach a 
hyperlight factor of maximally 85 million. If necessary both shock-absorbed 
structure converters of the transition engines can be used which permits a 
jump width of maximally 3000 light-years.
A number of protection screen relays protect the ship. Eight overweight 
transform cannons with a caliber of up to 4000 Gigatons form part of the 
offensive armament. There are as well, twenty heavy transform cannons with 
caliber’s of up to 2000 Gigatons, in addition to 60 hybrid artilleries as 
well as cruise missiles, self-steering rocket systems, space torpedoes, 
gravitation bombs, Arkon bombs and other weapons.

Gate 3
The third planet of Kalups Gate is a storm tossed giant planet with 83.506 
kilometers diameter and a dense hydrogen methane ammonia atmosphere, which 
shows a magnificent color palette in blue, brown and yellow. The gravity is 
3,28 G’s, and its orbital distance is 193,7 million kilometers. The planet 
is circled by five moons, with diameters of 683, 1217, 7944, 10.737 and 
13.782 kilometers.

_________________________________________________________________
Get your FREE download of MSN Explorer at http://explorer.msn.com

-----------------------------------------------------------------
Perry Rhodan Mailing List: For help, send e-mail to Perry_Rhodan@Herakles.com
with the subject set to 'help' To unsubscribe send e-mail to Perry-Rhodan@Herakles.com
with the subject line set to unsubscribe
Other questions? Send e-mail to KWallen@Herakles.com
Here you go...

Khan, Cistolo
The Euro-Terran was born in 1229 NGZ on the Iberian peninsula and was 
appointed in 1280 NGZ as the LFT-Commsioner. Previously he had a very 
successful past as a commander of a LFT base planet. Khan is plump, but not 
fat, with a height of two meters. The dark brown man looks very imposing and 
strong: his full dark brown hair reaches down the neck to the shoulders; he 
usually has a light beard, with blue eyes and a slightly cynical smirk. As a 
rule Khan wears bright, coarse casual wear which reminds one of 
old-fashioned judo outfits.
After the cosmic factory WAVE had nearly destroyed the Terran space fleet 
and destroyed the HQ-house with the Terran government, Khan as the highest 
ranking member of the League of Free Terrans ordered new elections. In 
December 1291 Maurenzi Curtiz with his multi-racial party coalition won as 
the new First Terran. Thanks to his comfortable two-thirds majority Curtiz 
restructured the government, dissolving the office of the LFT commissioner 
and instead introduced the office of the Terran Resident to which Perry 
Rhodan was appointed. In the years afterwards Khan has been loyally active 
with different secret missions in the intersts of the Terran government.

Mimas
The astronomer Sir Frederick Wilhelm Herschel discovered the innermost of 
Saturn’s moons in 1789. Mimas has a diameter of about 390 kilometers and 
circles the ringed planet in 0,94 Earth days in an orbital middle distance 
of 185.600 kilometers. The surface is covered by craters; if these craters 
are larger than twenty kilometers, they possess central mounts. The biggest 
one is the Herschel Crater,

Wuriu Sengu Mutant school
Most mutant schools are easily accessible and are not guarded. The Wuriu 
Sengu mutant school is run by the Terran League Service, however, under 
severe secrecy. Its head office is the Saturn moon Mimas, but there is also 
a base in the American Midwest.

Orion Delta
The double sun solar system lies 815 light-years from the Sol system and is 
home to the reptilian Topsider race. Six planets run around both suns, 15 
around the white main star and six around its purple companion. The 
homeworld of the Topsiders is Topsid, the third of six planets which circle 
both suns.

PsIso-Nets
In this case "Pslso" stands for "PsiIsolation". They became popular on Terra 
on account of the fear of the public, it could come under attack by mutants. 
The nets are advanced versions of the Psi-Reflector nets, which could 
achieve the best success against Psi-influences during the Camelot mission 
in Chearth. Hundreds of thousands of people own these nets which are state 
subsidized to the price of five Galax. Naturally the fine silver threads, 
which can be accommodated easily in the hair, are also bought by non-Terrans 
and are copied. It is not surprising therefore that the Arkonide task forces 
which must deal with mutants, possess such nets.

Residor, Noviel
This Terran was born in 1239 in Terrania. He is 1,89 meters and slim, 
looking a little lanky. A bald head, sharp-edged skull, dark brown eyes, a 
symmetric nose and a wide mouth describes his face. Residor makes no 
unnecessary gestures or words; his clear pronunciation is very precise 
thanks to the razor-sharp voice and is easy to understand even when 
whispering. Moreover, Residor is distinguished by narrow, but strong 
"artist's hands". He wears inconspicuous clothes, rather casually and 
without fashionable accents.
Residor studied logistics, but broke off his studies at the age of 22 years. 
His spirit of adventure drove him to the Terran League Service where he was 
trained to be the top agent. He graduated to his first mission at the age of 
25 years with which he proved himself as a daredevil who took calculated 
risks. At the age of 30 years Residor survived an accident during a mission 
with grave injuries. Because Noviel had ordered by will that he wanted to 
have no parts of his body replaced with technology in case of damage, he 
received implants from the organ bank. His partly destroyed brain was 
regenerated by cloning, as well as the top of the skull. However, hair did 
not grow any more, therefore the bald head. Noviel took three quarters of a 
year to recover.
Since then has been impossible for Residor, according to his own statement, 
to feel feelings. As a balance for the lost emotions he possesses a 
razor-sharp, analytic mind and is considered a true mathematical genius. 
Certainly, he can barely understand normal feelings any more, for it he can 
manage to imagine the psyche of offenders.

She'Huhan
In Arkonide mythology there are Star Gods; they are twelve women and men. 
The most important ones are Merakon, the God of youth and force, as well as 
Oinshora, the goddess of love and infinite goodness. The God's statues are 
to be admired in the so-called She'Huhan Grotto on the slopes of the Hill of 
the Way on Arkon.

_________________________________________________________________
Get your FREE download of MSN Explorer at http://explorer.msn.com

-----------------------------------------------------------------
Perry Rhodan Mailing List: For help, send e-mail to Perry_Rhodan@Herakles.com
with the subject set to 'help' To unsubscribe send e-mail to Perry-Rhodan@Herakles.com
with the subject line set to unsubscribe
Other questions? Send e-mail to KWallen@Herakles.com
        ALASHAN:
	The district of Alashan lay in the south of the city Terrania, the capital 
city of Earth. In October 1289 NGZ an area of thirty by twenty kilometers in 
size of a Heliotic Stronghold was "dealt with" as a Factor Element and was 
transferred into the galaxy DaGlausch. There, Alashan came out on the planet 
Thorrim at the western edge of the city Zortengaam. (The basic events for it 
are portrayed in the Perry Rhodan novels 1876 to 1879.) Alashan has 
approximately 200,000 inhabitants in the year 1289, colleagues of the Terran 
League Service and its family members are a big part of it.
	Alashan essentially consists of three parts: In the north lies a circular 
residential estate approximately thirteen kilometers across, the actual 
Alashan, which was designed on the drawing-board so to speak and was built 
in the years 1222 to 1230. In the south lies the TLD tower, a structure 
extending downward in which the Terran League Service has its headquarters. 
And in the southeast of the small district there is a square landing-field 
of the Terran Fleet off to the side with a length of one kilometer on each 
side.


	DSCHERRO:
	In October 1289 NGZ these green-skinned, remotely humanoid creatures appear 
in the Factor Element Terrania South and attack the capital of the Earth 
after short time. Dscherro on the average are one and a half meters tall and 
display on their forehead a horn up to forty centimeters long. They are an 
extremely warlike people, who realize their life's purpose in the plunder of 
other planets and cultures so to speak. Also things are tough within their 
culture: The single clans are ruled by a so-called Taka that can be 
overthrown very quickly. With the Dscherro clan that "landed" on Terra, the 
warrior Fellokk rises up to Taka and begins with the attack on Terrania. His 
troops conquer the bulk of the city, take over one million hostages and 
forces the government of the Earth to negotiation as a result. They extort 
Terran spaceships and retreat with these. Only over the world of Siga can 
the Dscherro clan of Taka Fellokk be put to an end.
	The other Dscherro are confronted who transferred along with the people of 
the Terran district Alashan into the galaxy DaGlausch. Previous attacks of 
the cosmic plunderers could now be repulsed with a Bluff.
Galorns:
	At the galaxy Plantagoo the people in the galaxy advanced the farthest, 
member of the coalition Thoregon. The Galorns are humanoid, about two meters 
tall with wrinkled blue skin; Their heavy physical measurements made them 
appear Buddha-like. Positive mental charisma. Negative personality interests 
are handed over in their youth to the so-called dragons.


	FACTOR ELEMENT:
	By means of the Heliotic Strongholds a solar system in principle is 
measured completely and is divided into so-called factor elements. These can 
be exchanged so to speak reciprocally - a factor element for example from 
the planet Thorrim changes its place with a factor element on the planet 
Earth. The contents of the factor element of the Heliotic Stronghold is 
quite unimportant, crucial here are only the dimensions: Such an element is 
precisely 29.8 kilometers long, 19.7 kilometers wide and 7.5 kilometers 
high. That is however only the visible height, the element namely still 
extends 2.3 kilometers into the ground so that a total height of 9.8 
kilometers results. In general usage, the dimensions are rounded to 30 by 20 
by 7.5 kilometers.


	FORNAX:
	This small galaxy is approximately 500,000 light years away from the native 
Milky Way and with a diameter of approximately 7,000 light years includes 
approximately 20 billion suns. This small galaxy belongs to the local group 
of galaxies and thereby also to the sphere of influence of the 
Superintelligence IT. Perry Rhodan pushed forward for the first time in the 
year 429 NGZ (New Galactic Calendar) into this galaxy and met there with the 
mysterious Nocturns, who called themselves "midwives of IT," among other 
things. At the beginning of the 13 century NGZ the Nocturns shifted across 
to "the other side of the universe" into the Arresum where they helped to 
repress the negative influence of the Abruse.
	Ever since the Nocturns first traveled over with their spaceships, Fornax 
came to be left with virtually nothing. Fornax developed in the last decades 
into a playground for adventurers, dubious riff-raff, prospectors and 
settlers; supposedly the Galactic Guardians have also placed a bulk of their 
bases there.


	GALACTIC GUARDIANS:
	In the entire local group of galaxies, above all however in the Milky Way, 
the Galactic Guardians are active. They are not exclusively pirates, even if 
piracy is carried out in space; numerous groups of the intergalactic 
criminal syndicate have resorted to complicated actions,   already 
completely infiltrate planetary governments and interfere more and more 
strongly within galactic politics. The leader of the Galactic Guardians at 
the time of action is the Terran Tizian Grannet. (This is described among 
other things in the Perry Rhodan novels 1828 and 1837.)


	HELIOTIC STRONGHOLD:
	The transportation system of the Thoregon Coalition which serves for the 
exchange of goods and nations meeting over millions of light years away. 
Compared to a giant transmitter the distinction is not so great at all, 
however two bodies are always exchanged reciprocally, the so-called factor 
elements. The Heliotic Strongholds were built by the Galorns, which 
themselves were all based on the plans of the Baolin-Nda. The strongholds 
were delivered by the Nonggo. When the Heliotic Stronghold exploded in the 
Sol system in the autumn of 1289 NGZ, two exchanged factor elements remained 
behind. The factor element Calcutta North had come out on the Nonggo planet 
Kenteullen in the place of a Nonggo museum begun there. The castle of the 
Dscherro was "exchanged" for Terrania South that landed on Thorrim. (These 
events are to be found in the Perry Rhodan novels 1876 to 1879.)


	MUSHROOM VAULT:
	Access to the Bridge to Infinity. Mushroom-shaped structure out of a 
silvery gleaming metal; the upper part is 33 meters high and 20 meters 
thick. There exists no visible access. With known technical methods, a 
mushroom vault cannot be removed from its respective location.


	NONGGO:
	The Nonggo appears extremely skinny, they are normally between two and two 
and a half meters tall. In the galaxy of Gorhoon, they have risen thanks to 
their skillful negotiation tactics to the leading people and have 
transformed the galaxy with their diplomacy into a bulwark of peace. The 
Nonggo, who belong to the Thoregon Coalition, have transformed their home 
planets into so-called sphere wheels (like Larry Niven's Ringworld), on 
which they now live. Their culture is influenced by networks in which the 
Nonggo can "latch" themselves at any time through power of thought. The 
Nonggo speak the so-called Nod amongst each other, a language with many 
voiced consonants
that a Terran could only follow with difficulty. However they also have 
mastered Interkosmo, usually of course they mostly use Goo-Standard, the 
colloquial language of their galaxy. (The system of the Nonggo is described 
in the Perry Rhodan volumes 1883 to 1885.)


	PASSANTUM:
	A six centimeter wide black bracelet that identifies the envoys of Thoregon 
and grants them freedom of movement on the Bridge to Infinity.


	SHABAZZA:
	This still unknown opponent, its actions probably lead to it, to smash the 
Thoregon Coalition at the onset. With the Dscherro, it became known as  "the 
unhorned." It is with some certainty the originator for the blowing-up of 
the Heliotic Stronghold, it set free Goedda, who depopulated the galaxy 
Tolkander as a result and went into the Milky Way, and it was responsible 
for the departure of the Chaosmaker.


	SPHERE WHEEL:
	The red sun Teuller had until approximately 7,000 years ago only one single 
planet - the giant world Ongg. At this time the Nonggo decided to alter 
their planet. Ongg was cut up, the usable matter was structurally enlarged 
and changed into so-called Sphere Wheels. These are in principle gigantic, 
rotating wheels that exhibit a thickness of approximately five kilometers. 
The centrifugal force presses everything, which is on the inside of the 
"rim" to the outside. Inside therefore lies the lived in zone of the sphere 
wheel.






        Dolan: 


        By this concept, one understands the organic spaceships of the vibration guards or Second Conditioned. A Dolan is an artificial being that was "produced" from organic breeding material and was provided with numerous technical inclusions. It possesses a weak intelligence and is only capable of primitive expressions of feeling. Dolans consist of cell-tissue and its structure can be changed in a similar manner like the tissue of Haluters or its relative, the Second Conditioned. If a Dolan has assumed its biggest expansion, it represents a hollow ball that has a diameter of one hundred meters. Bulges arch over the installed machines, and the shiny outside-skin is ebony. Within the hollow ball, tissue-folds form all sorts of levels and cavities that assume a crystalline structure within a few minutes, - then a Dolan is regarded as a spaceship. 

        The first contact of the Terrans with Dolans occur in the year 2435: Members of the so-called Time Police mobilize against the Solar Empire because they sense miscellaneous "time-crimes" behind its activities. In the course of the confrontations, Terrans under Perry Rhodan's command are lost in the giant spherical-galaxy M87. In the year 2437, in fact occurs the great offensive of the Dolans against the Sol System, that only under greatest sacrifices for mankind and only with help from the Haluters can they be repulsed. (To look up these events refer to the Perry Rhodan cycle "M 87" that corresponds to the Perry Rhodan books 33 to 44.) 



        Nevever: 


        First, the Nevever was a mentally very superior people that was on the leap to a higher level, comparatively a Superintelligence. At this time practically no empire of the Nevever existed any more - all the ten billion beings lived on Ketchorr. There they refused themselves the evolution-jump and created two intelligent beings instead: One of them was Guu'Nevever, which means something like "reason," the other was Jii'Nevever, which meant "thirst for new knowledge" and "spark of creation," in principle also "imagination." Both of these entities were united in one body after the image of the Nevever. After the Nevever had derived their mental potential in this duplicate-being, they sank into insignificance, virtually degenerated and died slowly. At the present time, there still are 2.4 million Nevever that have withdrawn to live on the planet of Ketchorr - and next to no one in the Puydor Galaxy knows of their great past. 

        They are up to 1.3 meters tall, have a bizarre body-shape from which they can form up to seventeen tentacle shaped pseudopods, and in addition have tentacle-like stump-legs on which they move. Their skin is of brown color, and shows a greenish glimmer in addition. The face essentially consists of a funnel-shaped organ, that measures approximately ten centimeters and serves for eating and Lautgebung; this organ is covered by a circle of hair and on account of the respiration is constantly in motion. Pin-sized eyes are arranged all round about the mouth. The Nevevers have seven more sense-organs for hearing and smelling, however, these are embedded invisibly between the nubs of skin. A particular ability to mimic allows the Nevever to imitate the physiognomies of their conversation partners with their "head." 



        Puydor: 


        Puydor is identical to the galaxy NGC5457 - or M102 - and is also described by Terran astronomers as the Windmill Galaxy. The galaxy is approximately 16 million light-years distant from the Milky Way and lies in the constellation Great Bear(Ursa Major). Puydor shows approximately the same size and mass as the native Milky Way and is approximately 80,000 light-years across. 



        Gojomer: 


        The Gojomers settled for many millennia on the world Gojom which is orbited by thirteen satellites. It is the second planet of the sun Vaasac in the Puydor Galaxy. They were a people which were specifically taken care of by Guu'Nevever, who had lived through a breathtaking upswing under his care. The Gojomers sustained all ias shot down during the space battle in the Vaasac-System. At the current time of action, the INTURA-TAR is still without a heel section, which lends the wedge-ship a strange look. Admittedly, the break is no longer able to be distinguished at that time - and a quite homogeneous structure has emerged as a result of the construction; however, the spaceship only shows a length of 650 meters. It is lived in by the Rawwen of the Orr-Sippe.

        Lotho Keraete: 


        Was born a Terran on September 3rd 2488; also, he is 1.88 meters tall and weighed 79 kilograms before the "conversion" of his body. At 24 years, Lotho Keraete was an Exobiologist at the rank of lieutenant, a crewmember of the explorer HUMBOLDT. He was at that time blond with a lean build, with moderately impressive shoulder width. On the 26th of January 2512, he was rescued by robots from IT after the HUMBOLDT had been destroyed by Blues pirates. 

        In the subsequent millennia, Keraete's body-substance was gradually replaced at a space station in the DaGlausch Galaxy with a dark, extremely high-quality metal from which exists (in adapted form) also cosmocratic couriers like Cairol or Laire. His weight now amounts to 176 kilograms at the current time of action. Keraete is equipped with all abilities of a qualitatively high-quality robot and relatively immortal. A hyper radio-transciever is integrated in his breast. In the left palm is a paralysis beamer, in the right a combination beamer. Keraete's original body is reproduced in detail Shuuken: 


      The Shuukens colonized preferably on the planet Galshoo in the Yinshuur-System, that is part of the Puydor Galaxy. They have sensory organs of particular type and can hear with them in the ultrasound-range. They also communicate in this range. Simultaneously, they can perceive creatures in the infrared-range, also as electric aura. They are between 2.2 and 2.8 meters tall, their body is barrel shaped, and they have more than two arms and two legs. For communication with other persons, the Shuukens use a speaker-mask. 

 

      Carit: 


      This alloy shows mainly unknown qualities and it's obviously developed with the help of Cosmocrat technology. Carit perfectly mirrors and has an effect as though it is glowing from the inside out. It endures enormous tensions, more than any other known metal, and it ignores elaborate analysis. There are hints that the Carit contains microscopic additions of the Ultimate Material from MATERIA or another factory of the Cosmocrats. The gold shimmering Carit seems to pick up energy up to an unknown extent to store and to emit it when reaching the Degree of Saturation in hyperspace. Probably for this reason, it is not possible for a mutant to overcome a wall of Carit with a teleportation jump. 



 

      Drugun-Umsetzer: 


      This special device comes from the technology of the Cosmocrats and is located decentralized in the seven cosmic castles. They require it in order to get back the castles from their hiding places in the Einstein Space. Helpers of the Cosmocrats can use it, in addition, as a transportation system by which one can transport objects across vast cosmic distances.

 



      Emotion simulator: 


      In different robots, that are in the services of the Cosmocrats and their helpers, there is a quasi-emotionally programmed interface that can transport "feelings into the mechanical consciousness." Robots like 1-Korrago can start up this interface or also switch to mute according to requirements. They talk at the same time also of an "optional soul." So the robot can perceive feelings, can develop curiosity or even an inherent philosophy. If the feelings become too strong, the robot can simply switch its simulator to mute and can thus change back into a soulless machine. (This device is mentioned for the first time in the Perry Rhodan volume 1942.) 

 



      Jii'Nevever: 


      The Dreamer of Puydor mastered the Puydor Galaxy up to some thousand years before with help of its dreams. However, it was then "crippled" by the Nonggo, in that this dreamer was isolated to a certain extent on the planet Curayo with help from the time-fields. The dreamer was liberated in the spring of the year 1290 New Galactic Calendar thanks to Icho Tolot, Pucky, Michael Rhodan and Julian Tifflor. The four cell activator-bearers were "instigated" in this way by Shabazza and were manipulated by a chip of this Thoregon enemy. While Icho Tolot, Pucky and Julian Tifflor could remove themselves from the spell of the dreamer, Michael Rhodan developed into its "General" and began thereafter with the conquest of the Puydor Galaxy. His goal: to prepare Jii'Nevever for the invasion of the Milky Way. Tolot, Pucky and Tifflor succeeded in decoding Jii'Nevever's origin and to revive its "brother" Guu'Nevever - though the union of both beings it ended ! with a victory over the dreamer, and as a result, the subsequent liberation of the Puydor Galaxy. (To look up these events, refer to the Perry Rhodan novels 1904 to 1907, 1915 to 1918, 1929 to 1931 and 1939 to 1941.) 

 



      Kytoma: 


      This mysterious young woman appeared many times before and after the swarm crisis to the Terran Alaska Saedelaere: She appeared slender, had long black hair and large, very expressive eyes. About herself, she said at this time that she was on the search for her lost people. (To look up this, refer to the swarm cycle among other things in the Perry Rhodan books 55 to 63). Meanwhile it became known that her people were the Querions, one of those 36 people that created the swarm millions of years before. When the Querions spiritualized themselves, only Kytoma remained behind; thus, she lost contact with the development of her people so to speak.

 

      Garmor Kasistan: 


      The supreme commander of the Varmiren, away for years, systematically poisoned his father Lovo Kasistan and then rose up to sovereign over the empire. He led numerous fratricidal wars within the Varmiren empire and gave the order to construct a weapon against Guu'Nevever and Jii'Nevever. 

 



      Kinov: 


      The fourth planet of the sun Japikur is inhabited by the humanoid Ginkoosians. The government of the planet affiliates itself as one of the first of the allies that wants to take up the fight under the leadership of the activator-bearers Julian Tifflor, Icho Tolot and Pucky against Jii'Nevever, the Dreamer of Puydor. 

 



      Cross Ships: 


      Approximately 30,000 years ago, the Varmirians controlled large parts of the Puydor Galaxy until they were almost wiped out by Jii'Nevever. They built their ships in the form of a strange cross. After their downfall, the Dreamer of Puydor took on the construction of the ships, and had provided the cross spacers with an unknown support-crew with modern Metagrav engines however. On the shipyard world of Ankorum, Michael Rhodan would take on thousands of cross-ships at different stages of production in his function as General of the Dreamer - with these Perry Rhodan's son plans the invasion of the Milky Way. Cross Ships are between 400 and 1000 meters long, the three axes have the same length in each case. The spacers have a drive that resembles the Terran metagrav and provides a hyper light-factor of over 60 million.

 



      Lens Ship: 


      Lens Ships are in the Puydor Galaxy and above all in direct proximity of the planet Curayo and are brought to bear in its galactic sphere. They have hyper linear-engines with a range of at most two million light-years, the hyper-light maximum speed lies at approximately seven million. 

The EIDENGOORD is also part of the lens-ships with a length of 75 meters, that Michael Rhodan uses as a flagship at the beginning of his "career" as General of the Dreamer. 

 



      MAJJETT: 


      The spaceship of the Koraw trader Hoch Kotta resembles a starfish covered with blisters. It is approximately seventy meters across and is roughly forty meters high. Spherical containers, with which the merchandise of the of trader are transported, are attached under the seven arms of the "starfish." In case of doubt, the containers can serve also as landing legs. 

 



      Orr-Rawwen: 


      At the current time of action, the generation-spaceship INTURA-TAR is populated with Rawwen from the clan of the Orr. During the course of millennia they had developed a religion of penance from the guilt-complex of the clan, on the one hand on the captivity by Guu'Nevever and, on the other hand to have been responsible for the annihilation of the Varmiren. From the penitent became in 30,000 years the sectarian, the idols that made Yammamihu the "creator of the universe." 

	Ground Gliders:

	On this occasion, they are transportation machines bound to the ground that 
move on strong energy fields and don't work exclusively with 
antigrav-technology. They normally move at a low elevation of approximately 
one to two meters above the ground, therefore, are forced to avoid higher 
obstacles.


	generatio spontanea:

	In Latin "generatio" means much the same as "formation" while "spontanea" 
simply only means "voluntarily." It means "constant spontaneous generation 
of living being from dead matter," - a theory. This theory means that life 
can originate anytime, spontaneously and anew, and without a recognizable 
push from outside.


        Morphing Fields:

	According to scientific theories, they are energy fields in which all 
information is included about the body that they surround. They are to be 
compared with DNA, in which all genetic information is also contained.


        Positronic:

	It's the ensuing electronics technology within the Perry Rhodan universe. 
It is considerably faster, reliable and less susceptible to faults than  
electronics and distinguishes itself above all because of the highest 
information-density in the smallest space, but it does not achieve by far 
the performance of the syntronic.
	Terrans and other races in the native Milky Way have switched to syntronics 
long ago, the five-dimensional operation can achieve and can actually 
approach hyper-light speed. Positronics on the other hand are mechanical 
intellects that must make do without five-D-effects, however, the computers 
are also given a high measure of ihnerent intelligence. They are put into 
their original-configurations in all areas: primarily as controlling-brains 
of robots and spaceships.


        Smyrnians:

	Under the conditions of their home, these inhabitants of the planet Smyrno 
change their appearance. In the uppermost atmospheric layers, they appear as 
gigantic, jellyfish-like creatures with a diameter of up to fifty meters. In 
the liquid atmospheric intermediate layer, they shrink because of the 
pressure to octopus-like creatures that are only approximately five meters 
big. On the surface of the planet, they are compressed as flat as a pancake. 
They have a thorn at the rear end of the body that is approximately one 
meter long and yet in front has been curved, they can pick up energies with 
that and can shoot it also in a type of a blast.


        Smyrno:

	The eleventh planet of the red giant sun Speleyn is a planet of the Jupiter 
type. Its equatorial diameter amounts to 152,000 kilometers. The atmosphere 
consists of methane, ammonia, hydrogen and water. Strong storms prevail 
almost to the top layers. Because of the extraordinary density of the 
atmosphere, the storms become all the more violent the more one approaches 
the hard core of the planet. Characteristic for Smyrno is a great, violet 
spot. Observed on it are greenish lightnings that appear practically 
incessantly. The spot is venerated by the Rawwens of the Orr-Sippe as a 
tunnel to the center of the universe.


        Tractor-beams:

	Tractor-beams produce, through a reversal of gravity, a targeted and 
closely focused gravity field that is in close contact to the object that it 
aims at. With a tractor-beam, one can draw small objects near to oneself 
accordingly, or have oneself cling to large objects - like for instance a 
spaceship, a moon or a planet.


        Kasistan, Garmor:

	The supreme commander of the Varmiren, away for years, systematically 
poisoned his father Lovo Kasistan and then rose up to sovereign over the 
empire. He led numerous fratricidal wars within the Varmiren Empire and gave 
the order to construct a weapon against Guu'Nevever and Jii'Nevever.


        AMMENHAK:

	The cruiser of the CERES-Type is property of the League of Free Terrans. 
Julian Tifflor as resident minister for the League of Foreign Politics uses 
the 100 meter across spacer as a personal diplomatic ship. Commander is the 
Plosphos born Siramy Ratach.


        Apasos:

	The Apasos come from the planet Apas, approximately 71,429 light-years away 
from the Earth, and belongs to the Blues. Since the 24th century of the Old 
Calendar, are the second largest Blues race in strong opposition to the 
Gatasians, even if both nations work closely together in the Raglund Forum 
and are in a warlike confrontation far away. The Apas empire includes about 
800 planets scattered completely across the Eastside, however, and for this 
reason is not important militarily. With their golden age technology, the 
Apasos work together partially with the Gatasians.


        Blues Nation:

	On the galactic Eastside, there are about 50,000 worlds that are populated 
by Blues People;  altogether, there are approximately 2800 Blues Nations. 
They all were up to the year 2328 Old Calendar under the reign of the 
Gatasan. After a peace-treaty had taken place between Terra and Gatas on 10 
May 2328, the first skirmishes of the Blues People immediately occurred 
among each other. After the final breakdown of the gatasan hegemony and the 
disastrous space-battle around Arkon by the end of September 2329 the 
colonial-people become hopeful.
	Starting in the year 2329, the confrontations widened which led to a brutal 
fratricidal war that enraged and dragged on for centuries. Above all, the 
smaller Blues star empires played the big empires against each other in 
order to gain more influence. At times, the Eastside of the galaxy was a 
single battlefield where spaceships of the humanoid races dared go only in 
the extreme cases.
	The reign of the Laren brought a "leaden silence" on the Eastside at the 
time of the first Galacticum, and a first peaceful prosperity of the Blues 
Nations occurred. The centuries of the Monos reign followed the activation 
of the Chronofossils and the evolution-jump of the Blues. This gave the 
races of the blues a fall into the most profound insignificance. Without 
contact among each other, their sense for cohesion practically got lost 
after a few generations; also, space travel was prohibited, and everywhere 
the population declined.
	After the death of Monos, alias Pedrass Foch, there occurred from the 
middle of the twelfth century of the New Galactic Calendar a timid upswing. 
The races of the Milky Way stood in front of a pile of broken fragments, all 
the Blues in front. There were almost no more spaceships, the economy had 
collapsed completely. Like all the others, the Blues also began with the 
laborious clearing and catching up. As a first result, all others saw the 
Blues as optimistic: The population had rapidly returned. Since then a 
continuous advance occurred, however. The central Blues worlds like Gatas 
had grown into important centers of the galaxy. Many Blues nations have 
joined themselves together into coalitions and alliances, they also 
attempted to go their own ways, or just to orient themselves to the big 
worlds like Gatas, Apas or Roost. Bigger Blues races like the Hanen, the 
Legnaler or the Karr have smaller star empires that include between 50 and 
100 planets. Small nations like the Latoser, Gursüy and Archimboiden have 
about three to five systems that are populated only thinly. Conflicts 
between the single blues nations behave like before; many keep themselves 
away demonstratively from the Raglund Forum and defend a strictly autonomous 
politics.
	Goedda:

	The Great Mother of the Tolkanders was the product of a war that raged some 
ten thousand years before in the Suuvar Galaxy. In gruesome wars, the 
intelligent Suuvar races decimated themselves. The geneticist Irra'Anvete of 
the Ayrrisian race succeeded in producing an organism that grew up in a 
so-called brood cosmos and its brood, the so-called Vivoc, matured on 
suitable planets. So, the races of the Physander, Chaeroders, Eloundars, 
Neezer, Alazar and Gazkar emerged in the end. Goedda, however, changed very 
quickly under the influence of a black hole. She freed herself and wiped out 
the entire Suuvar Galaxy in several birth-stages. Then she was stopped by 
the Nonggos, however, who held Goedda in custody in her own brood-cosmos.
	Millennia later, Goedda was awakened - by a person named Shabazza (to look 
up, refer to Perry Rhodan 1860). Shabazza first sent Goedda into the  
Tolkandir Galaxy, which was depopulated completely by Goedda's "children;  
then, a gigantic invasion-fleet made of 200,000 spaceships flew into the 
Milky Way. Goedda could only be destroyed after numerous battles together 
with all the Tolkanders in Dengejaa-Uveso, the black hole in the center of 
the Milky Way. (See Perry Rhodan 1870).


	Santanz:

	The industrial planet Santanz, second of four planets of the dark-yellow 
sun Santil, is the center of the small star empire of the Santanzans: They 
are in control three closely neighboring planets that are only a few 
light-months distant from each other. The distance to Sol amounts to 64,082 
light-years, to Arkon, it is 57,341 light-years and to Gatas still 8,829 
light-years.


	Tentra:

	The Tentra Blues colonized 80,000 light-years away from the Earth. After 
the troubles of the last centuries, they have remembered their old strengths 
and have assembled their own empire with their own colonial-planets. At 
present, the Tentra empire consists of approximately 250 to 300 solar 
systems - it is still flourishing and expanding.


	Julian Tifflor:

	The career of the Terran born in New-York in 1961 began in the earliest 
days of the Third Power as a space cadet. He rose in the course of the years 
ever further to became one of the closest friends and travel-companion of 
Perry Rhodan. In the time of the Solar Empire, Tifflor, who his friends 
usually named "Tiff," carried the title of a Solar Marshal. Initially, he 
became with the aid of a cell-shower  a relative immortal, since the year 
2326 of the old period he remained at the biological age of 35 years thanks 
to a cellactivator. Within the League of Free Terrans, Tifflor held for long 
years the office of the First Terran, therefore, the head of state . At the 
current time of action, the activator-bearer holds the office of a 
Resident-Minister for the League of Foreign Politics; also, at the same time 
he is the Galactic Council for the Galacticum on Mirkandol.


	Mondra Diamond:

	Mondra Diamond is regarded as a distinct beauty, she is dark-skinned and 
has dark hair as well as green eyes. She spent her youth as a circus-artist 
on different worlds that belonged to the League of Free Terrans. Therefore 
her name - it is of course only an artist's name. Mondra Diamond has 
forgotten her real name supposedly. At 23 years, Mondra Diamond changed 
service to the Terran League. When Calcutta North was shifted with help from 
the Heliotic Stronghold to the Gorhoon Galaxy, Mondra Diamond was directly 
underway in an investigative action. The former artist considered the 
expedition with Perry Rhodan into the Shaogen-Himmelreich Galaxy the great 
opportunity of her life. On the way Rhodan and Diamond fell in love with 
each other, and  out of this relationship a child comes forth.


	Servants of the Matter:

	The nine servants of the matter were from the Cosmocrat, Hismoom and its 
unified representative Cairol, "resettled" in an unknown way into immortally 
fabricated bodies. The primitive fisher-people of the Maunari delivered the 
fundamental substance with them from the Pooryga Galaxy. In their new 
bodies, the servants of the matter are now six meter tall, hulking appearing 
Cyclops.
	Their three meter long, forty centimeter thick arms end in seven-fingered 
claws that are still used for fine work, however. The pointed tapered skulls 
possess a single, oval, green, thirty centimeters wide by twenty centimeters 
high eye. The eyes are dark-green in the center and turn to lime-green 
toward the edge in a light. Their noses are cartilaginous structures with 
two big as a fist nostrils, the mouths resemble lipless predator-like jaws. 
The shoulders are two meters wide, the skin is hairless and resembles brown, 
coarse leather.
	The servants of the matter wear clothing according to taste without 
requiring it, but in Torr-Samaho's case, they are stylish, airy black suits, 
as if miserably attempting to conceal the awkwardness of his body.


	Guan a Var:

	In the Louipaz Galaxy, the Joridaers developed into the most important 
people. The gifted gene-designers discovered worms on an extreme-world that 
nourished themselves from the sun - and hyper-energy. They began to breed 
these worms and to manipulate them until they reached a size of a hundred 
meters. Continuing manipulations changed these worms into intelligent 
creatures that were to be made use of as organic spaceships. These Symbiont 
ships were called Guan a Var.
	In the course of the millennia the Guan a Var mutated, they required more 
and more hyper-energy and lost contact to the standard universe. The 
Joridaers noticed this development too late and were killed by the Guan a 
Var little by little. Subsequently, the sun-worms developed into 
five-dimensional creatures. In herds, they descended over suns, tapped this 
energy until they collapsed and turned into novas. Those Guan a Var turned 
into the Monsters of Louipaz, they transformed the whole galaxy into a star 
island of death. When the Nonggos erected the solar prison in Chearth, the 
Guan a Var jumped there and were captured there for millennia.

	KYTOMA:

	Since Alaska Saedelaere believes to perceive a "relationship" with his 
virtual ship, he gives the VIRTUA/18 the name of the Querionin, Kytoma.


	Paradyn Smonker:

	The original shape of the Servant of the Matter is a big frog; however, it 
has similar higher mental strengths like its "brother." It is regarded 
amongst the servants as the ocean. In its cosmic factory NAR SARENNA the 
wisest philosophers of all the Galaxy are assembled in a gigantic stasis 
field. And all these philosophers embedded in their time-fields, look for 
the meaning of their existence.


	PORAN/18:

	The ship-computer of the VIRTUA/18 can work independently. When it 
materializes the humanoid appearing Vaiyatha on board the virtual ship, it 
is brought into action


	Alaska Saedelaere:

	The lean, two meter tall man was born in the year 3400 of the Old Calendar. 
When he used the transmitter-connection in the year 3428 between the planet 
Bontong and Peruwall, he collided in hyperspace with another being - it was 
a Cappin. A so-called Cappin fragment materialized on Saedelaere's face and 
his appearance immediately drove each human being to insanity. Thereafter, 
Saedelaere was forced to always wear a face-mask in order not to endanger 
other people.
	On account of his numerous merits with mankind, he received a cell 
activator in the year 3531 - with that Saedelaere became at the biological 
age of 131 years a relative immortal. In the year 426 New Galactic Calendar 
he lost the Cappin fragment, the problems of the loner lingered with other 
people. When Saedelaere in the year 1288 NGZ came upon the bridge into the 
infinity together with Perry Rhodan and Reginald Bell, he was confronted in 
the course of this adventure with the "skin," a symbiont, with which he is 
united up to now. Finally, he was picked up on March 1st 1290 NGZ on the 
planet Thorrim by a virtual ship, with which he has since then been 
underway.


	So'o'both:

	Vincent-Garron approached the multi-mutant at the solar prison in a type of 
dialogue with the sun-worm of So'o'both. Since So'o'both was possibly the 
only Guan a Var that still had higher intelligence, this contact was really 
first. After the contact So'o'both shared itself with Garron - and it 
possessed no more autonomous intelligence after that.


	The Annihilation Suit:

	That the weapon from the reservoir of the Seven Mighty was not in reality 
from the Cosmocrats directly, but came from a Servant of the Matter, was up 
to date not known. The suit had a chequered history; however, the known 
people are "only" the current generations that also encompass millions of 
years. In the distant past the Annihilation Suit, that consists externally 
of quadrate, very elastic segments, was chosen by the mighty Ganerc as a 
weapon, as this was designated to the guard of the Swarm. After a relatively 
short time, Bardioc stole  - that mighty which later turned into the 
Superintelligence BARDIOC, - this suit and hid it on a swarm planet. There, 
it was secured for a little more than one million years by the Cyno Schmitt, 
which passed it on in turn to the Terran Alaska Saedelaere. He tried for a 
long time to solve the secrets of the outfit. He worked out only so much 
that the suit revealed to its bearer numerous possibilities, which 
presumably could never be taken advantage of in its entire diversity.
	When Saedelaere came upon Ganerc, the outfit became the property of the 
mighty again. He in turn destroyed the suit in the year 3587.


	Kaif Chiriatha:

	This Galorn was regarded in her homeland for a  long time as a protegé of 
the second courier of Thoregon, Ce Rhioton. She placed herself at the head 
of the aggressive Galorns for some time, when these once more spread across 
their galaxy with fear and horror. After Perry Rhodan had seen to it with 
help from the Zentrifaal that the "dragons" calmed down again and the 
Galorns renewed their peaceful nature, Kaif Chiriatha gave up her 
responsibilities. Later, she was nominated by a Helioten to the second envoy 
of Thoregon. (Their history is told extensively in the Perry Rhodan novels 
1852 and 1853.)

	Foremon:

	The humanoid guard from the people of the Adlaten is only 1.6 meters tall 
and weighs exactly 15 kilograms. Its extremely spindly limbs appear 
crystalline and fragile; likewise, a mother-of-pearl-colored exoskeleton 
appears open to view particularly at the breast and back. Foremon nourishes 
himself exclusively from minerals that he picks up through the feet from the 
ground. He lived for millennia as a guard in the basalt-level of Galorn 
until Perry Rhodan and Reginald Bell came there through the mushroom vault. 
He suspected them of the murder of Ce-Rhioton and pursued them with 
relentless rigor all through the Plantagoo Galaxy until Rhodan and Bell 
could finally prove their innocence.


	Calcutta North:

	On the basis of the sabotage of the Heliotic Bastion in October 1289 NGZ 
the factor-element Calcutta North was shifted to Kenteullen-Rad of the 
Nonggo. Uphjar, next to the residential area and the administration quarter, 
and above all the syntronic factory Karabani belong to Kalkutta North. At 
the  the Bolanpur Plaza, a mushroom vault sprung up after the transfer, 
therefore an access to the Bridge into Infinity. Since such a speedy return 
was not to be reckon with, Loura Gaikunth, the second Mayor of Kalkutta who 
had participated in the transfer, was elected as the mayor of the entire 
district. From out of Kalkutta North, Perry Rhodan started on 12 October 
1289 NGZ with the spindle-beam KAURRANG and a small team into the 
Shaogen-Himmelreich Galaxy in order to come into contact there with the 
mysterious Baolin-Nda.


	Plantagoo:

	The home galaxy of the Thoregon people of the Galorns is approximately 
equal to the Milky way in size and shape. Plantagoo is inhabited by numerous 
races like the Zentrifaal their technical level lies far under that of the 
humans. In a case of doubt the Galorns make use of the so-called Shifting - 
intelligent beings are forced against their will for peace and even lose 
life-energy during this process  - so that they obtain peace by this means.


	Baolin-Nda:

	The members of this Thoregon race are in principle Cyborgs. They possess a 
humanoid macro-body, however, that is only a purely mechanical 
representative-construction with a height of 105 to 115 centimeters; also, 
the optics reminds one of a cheap white plastic-toy. The actual body of a 
Baolin-Nda is a shapeless, simply hardly mobile tissue-lump with a gray 
color that weighs between 500 and 600 grams, - one also names these 
tissue-lumps "soul," and it spends its existence in a sealed compartment of 
the macro-body. Baolin-Nda become approximately 5,000 years old, then they 
cross over to a different level - during which nobody knows exactly what 
happens with them.
	Baolin-Nda are actually technicians of the Thoregon Coalition after they 
were active in former times for the Cosmocrats. For their personal area of 
life, they use the diverse possibilities of biotechnology that function in 
this case with complete beings: The multifarious, insectoid Tessmas are 
turned into all sorts of objects according to what the Baolin-Nda require. 
On account of Shabazza's attack, at the current time of action there are 
only two Baolin-Nda in physical form. (To look up, refer to the Perry Rhodan 
novels 1899 and 1900.)


Galornians
Humanoiden Galornians are two meters on average and possess a blue, wrinkled 
skin. Due to their oily, wobbly body measurements they almost seem 
"Buddha-like" to Terrans. A Galorne always arouses a very quiet and sedate 
impression, moves a little, and if at all, then purposefully. As far as 
mobility and speed are concerned a human is far superior to a Galornian.
Their wide round faces have wide, but very flat noses. The nostrils remind 
one of thin skin rags, which can cover half the cheeks on a person. Each of 
their few breaths is clearly recognizable by a trembling of these nostrils.
Galornians see through black round eyes, lying deep in their sockets. Their 
mouths possess a light brown, single bone strip instead of teeth. Their 
voices are deep and pleasant. Now and again they seem to drop to a deep bass 
area, which humans cannot perceive.
The Galornians have two genders; they reproduce rather slowly: There are 
only two to three reproduction phases of approximately ten weeks in their 
whole life, then for the feminine Galornians a pregnancy period of six years 
follow. The newborn Galorne child reminds one of a human baby, possessing an 
entirely white, almost albino coloring which changes over the course of the 
first ten years into a wrinkled blue.
Galornians reach up to 800 years old. They possess a positive mental aura. 
The radiant emission can be sensed by a sensitive mind at any time. The 
older a Galorne is, the more intensely his aura. At the moment of his death 
a Galorne virtually exudes itself, trying to transfer his whole moral 
maturity and peacefulness of positive thinking into the universe.

Galornians spaceships
There are three basic types of spaceships that are used by the Galornians. 
Egg-shaped white ships with 38-meter length and the biggest diameter of 20 
meters are used as small and fast units. The favorite ones are the large 
roomed ships: 550-meter length, the biggest diameters 220 meters. Inside, 
soft forms and gentle cream-colors rule. There are no corners, exclusively 
curves.
In addition, there are also the "old" Galornian ships which were literally 
hidden by the Galornians millenniums ago. They are also egg-shaped, but have 
a black color. Their length is 900 meters, their biggest diameter 510 
meters. In March 1289 NGZ Perry Rhodan, in the Galaxy Plantagoo, bumped into 
such an old spaceship, the KEMPEST, and learned the history of the galaxy 
from this Ship to a certain extent.

Plantagoo
In the home galaxy of the Galornians, a variety of people live, comparable 
with the Milky Way. As a lingua franca Goo-Standard has asserted itself. The 
general technology within Plantagoo moves at a comparatively low level. One 
flies, for example, by transition ships, which can cover maximally jumps up 
to 2000 light-years, and have weapons only of Thermo-cannon and 
Disintegrator styles. The most important people of the Galaxy are the 
Zentrifal, the Mocksgerger, the Kroogh, the Tasch-Ter-Man and the Paradea.
Since prehistoric times the Galornians have ruled over Plantagoo. Their home 
planets and systems are not known to the "normal" inhabitants of the Galaxy. 
The only former Galornians planet known is Galorn, in the galactic 
Northside, however, no more Galornians have lived there for a long time. 
Because the Galornians are the only ones in Plantagoo of high-standing 
technology, they appeared to the rest of the races as fabulous, never 
understandable phantoms. Where the Galornians lived, therefore, most 
intelligent natures did not know, just as they had no idea what they looked 
like. This changed naturally after the " outbreak of the dragons " - the war 
of the Galornians against other races and in recent times also against the 
mysterious invasion from outside Plantagoos.
To protect the peace, the Galornians have used the weapon of the Shiftings. 
Shifting means that the aggressiveness which should lead to the war, is 
taken away. On the other hand, the age remaining to the person is also 
reduced about 50 per cent. It is, in this connection, both a passive weapon, 
which is cruel at the same time, felt by the affected persons as if one 
lived through all the lost time in a few seconds.
Egg-shaped spaceships of different sizes appearing at the corresponding 
place in a mysterious way carry out the Shifting. These open "fire" without 
any preliminary warning. The sphere of activity of the Shiftings can be 
steered by the Galornians just as they like; it can act against spaceships 
as well as whole fleets or planets. The people of Plantagoo fear the 
Shifting so much that for millenniums there have been no outwardly 
belligerent confrontations. Aggressiveness takes place only at the 
individual level or undercover.

Changeling
The great intelligentsia presented itself to the Arkonide Benjameen von 
Jacinta during their meeting as a four-meter tall being. The creature was 
impossible for Jacinta to describe, for it constantly changed its form and 
physiognomy. Among other things the galaxies Plantagoo and 
Geunion-Pagawerth, as well as a few others belong to the thickness 
concentration of Changeling. According to Changlkings own statements, his 
body combines the minds of the races who have lived in the last two million 
years in his thickness concentration. With the Terminal encyclopedia, 
Changeling has at its disposal, a medium to control the thickness 
concentration, however, the Terrans still know nothing about the real 
workings of this encyclopedia.

