"Second Genesis Crisis".
So this summary is a little longer than usual one.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
PR408  Amoklauf der Mutanten, Amuck-running of mutants
       William Voltz

Present:
The planet Vinzsa is belong to Ross coalition and the 4th one 
which is attacked by Corello in this week.  All inhabitants
was under poweful hypno impulse and forced to destroy their
towns and buildings.  Looking at this situation, Altan is reminded
of the similar event and his extra brain is activated.
He begins to speak it to the INTERSOLAR crews.


Past:(2909)
John Marshall stayed two weeks in the Mimas special clinik
and took care of ( ie. spy on ) eight members of Mutant corps.
Two yaers ago, Tako Kakuta, Andre' Noir, Wuriu Seng, Son Okura,
Kitai Ishibashi, Tama Yokida, Ralph Marten, and Betty Toufry
had falled mysterious sick.  The more they lost their normal sense,
the stronger their para ability became.  Dr. Ern Kottena 
succeed to stop bad process of their brain, but it was beyond
his ability to recover mutants from illness. In the meanwhile,
Kitai met an anti-women in this clinik. Her name was Gevoreny
Tatsutun. She was working as a nurse. They ware in fact married
and a baby will be born this year.

An Ertrus USO specialist, Nos Vigeland, heared the illness of 
mutants and made secret contact with them. He offered to help
mutants to escape from Mimas.  But his real goal was the 
cell activators which mutants carrid.  With this, he could
join the rulars of the Carsual Band.

When Vigeland arrived at Mimas with RODENSTAAD, insane mutants
started an action. They stealed a activator from Marshall
and killed him.  Ishibashi lend it to Gevoreny for his baby.
When she espace from Mimas, an transmitter station exploded.
Allan D Marchant died in this accident. He just arrived at Mimas
to help Kottna. Then hyper hypno impuls covered Mimus and
most people lost their normal sense.  Only Kottena could send
SOS but soon Kakuta killed him.

CREST 12, the flagship of Perry Rhodan, found and chased 
RODENSTAAD. But hypno Impuls prevented from approaching.
Rakal and Tornal were also killed. They were parasprinters
and tried to get on RODENSTAAD through wireless signals.
Vigeland and mutants disappered. In mean time, Vigeland
made an trick to protect himself from mutants. Mutants
took the meal with an inactivated poison, which could be
activated by a signal and kill mutants.

USO and Solar Abwehr could not find the spur of mutants.
An old lady asked to meet Rhodan and Deighton. Her name
was Tipa Riordan, who had been a member of "Scientists"
and build a new group "Pirat".  She had helped agents of
Solar Abwehr, so Rhodan knew her well.  She offer the information
of mutants and asked one activator for its fee. Rhodan
finally accepted.

She pointed the planet Lagulot, a colony of Dabrifa new Imperium. 
When CREST 12 approched to this world, Rhodan found 3000 ships
which guarded Lagulot.  When Tiffror and Solar fleet arrived,
Rhodan and small command succeed to land on Lagulot.

Since mutants noticed Terran command, they again covered
Lagulot with powerful hypno impulse. Even Dabrifa and two
leader of the Carsual Band must be paralized by Vigeland
so that they did not become insane. As Tifflor fleet and
normal mutants failed to stop insame mutants, Rodan and Atlan 
went to talk with eight mutants. Vigeland found and follow
the two secretly. When insane mutants found them and
send deadly implus, Vigeland could activate the poison
in the stomachs of mutants and kill them in last moment.
He stealed 4 cell activators beforo Rhodan and Atlan was
awakened. Then rulers of two new power blocks escaped
from Lagulot.

Rhodan found eight friends were killed and only 4 cell activators
were left, two of which were given to Tipa and Deighton.
Solor Imperium lost its large power in this event. Dabrifa Imperium 
and Carsual Band would become more powerful under immortal rulers.


Present:
Atlan is awakened from his translation sleep and says 
that, since the hypno impuls on Vinzsa and Lagulot is the same,
Corello must be a son of Kitai and Gevoreny.


