Cycle 28: The Heliotischen bulwarks 
Page 1 | page 2 | cycle 29 

With band 1876 begins the new Thoregon part-cycle: " The Heliotischen bulwarks " - and that with a punch-line! The Nonggos appear at the edge of the Sol-System and deliver Thoregon the Heliotische bulwark by the order of the organization.

Cistolo barge faces the difficult task to negotiate with the Nonggo-Vertreterns. The Nonggos hold on unwavering to her/its/their decision to anchor the bulwark in the solar system. That doesn't change refuses as barge them the approach either. The political pressure of the parliament on Terra increases and one demands, that to stop Nonggo with force of arms. All attempts of the LFT commissioner the Nonggo with negotiations outside the solar system to the stops fails. The Nonggos exist at the continuation of the installation with the argument, the constituting year is imminent. Barge gets the command to proceed against the small fleet of the Nonggo, gives up force however consciously and engages Bré Tsinga with a profile-analysis of the stranger instead. 

Bré confirms her/its/their impression that goes out from the Nonggo no fear for Terra and the solar system. Cistolo barge disregards the majority-decision of the parliament and has granted the Nonggo. The fleet of the Nonggo anchors the bulwark close to Trokan and releases it the Terraners to the sightseeing. The negotiators of the Nonggo give only few information to price. So, they refer constantly to a so far still unknown " use-leader ", who should instruct the Terranern detailiert in the function of the bulwark. As the " use-leader " doesn't appear however, the negotiators give first information to price over the function of the giant-honeycomb. That should be able to therefore connect the area with technical methods and helps, that itself the people of the Nonggo, that Terraner and the until dato unidentified designer can exchange. At the 30. September 1289 NGZS begins the Heliotische bulwark with his/its mysterious activity.......

Camelot: On Camelot, the so-called " Black-Box " provides excitement. That black box, that Perry Rhodan of Ernst Ellert had gotten the mission at the big emptiness in the end, vanishes from the specifically furnished vault and appears to Camelots at different points. The " Black box " develops an own-life and does itself on the search after Perry Rhodan. The scientist Camelots, whom the box would like to hand over her/its/their content to the Zellaktivatorträger, is confident. The first attempts, to round up " the box again ", fails. In the end, the scientists succeed however in enclosing her/it/them with a Paratronschirm and to hold on. Even if the box first gives no more exact information over her/its/their purpose, so she/it explains late Atlan, that she/it will open only for Perry Rhodan, however. Alaska Saedelaere identifies the object in the Innern of the box as Passantum. There must be a context with the appearance of the Nonggo and the activity of the box....

The convalescence Ronald Tekeners progresses. The Terraner begins to recover slowly from the disastrous side-effects of the IQ Dimmers. Dao Lin H'ay is with him/it, as he/it awakens from the long unconsciousness.

Mimas: Several things happen simultaneously. The Black box on Camelot sends awakens from her/its/their long coma a directional radio-impulse in direction Solsystem, that begins Heliotische bulwark, his/its activity and Kallia of Nedrun. The Black box on Camelot, Kallia Nedrun and the Nonggo repeats the statement the constituting year would begin.

1. Octobers 1289 NGZS, " the constituting year begins " - that it was one of the first words, as Kallia Nedrun awakened from her/its/their long coma, as exactly the Heliotische bulwark with his/its mysterious activity began. From the first moment on, Kallia develops a strange purposefulness, that to visit Heliotische bulwark. This holding back seems even to Myles cantor strangly and he/it has the feeling, no longer, to have his/its Kallia before itself. 

As the Nonggos announce the first test-sprint of the Heliotischen honeycomb, Myles Kantor and Kallia of the LFT delegation come after the bulwark. The fact, that the several times before mentioned use-leader doesn't appear, confuses the Nonggo. The leading negotiators of Galtarrad and Zygonod decide some secrets of the gigantic apparatus price-admits. The Terraner, that the Heliotische honeycomb can connect the area and enables such a contact between civilizations, that live many million light-years apart, experienced. In order to enforce this technical master-performance, the location-system of the Heliotische bulwark must become faktorisiert. It is a surveying of the area-time components of a place, that is set aside in the storage of the bulwark then.

All these information get the Terraner of the bulwark on board, as itself Kallia of the delegation puts and in the bulwark dives. Several TLD agents begin to look with it for Kallia, while Myles cantor reports to turn as one of the first Terraner with a Faktorenelement into the planet of the Nonggo verstetzt together. The test-sprint seems to have succeeded. The Faktorenelement, an excerpt of the Erdoberfläche close to Terranias, is moved to the planet of the Nonggo. In the Heliotische bulwark of the solar system, the Terraners find the dead Kallia Nedrun, their bodies are prepared in terrible way. Each cell of the body works like foamed, exactly like with the dead Zentrifaal, that Perry Rhodans and Reginald Bull found in the sabotaged dragon-hoard of Galorn.

The first test run of the Heliotischen honeycomb is a full success. The Faktorenelement of Terra materializes scheduled on the home planet of the Nonggo, close to the capital Kenteullen. Is Terraners like Nonggo fascinates from the advantages for both races, that the contact enables through the Heliotischen bulwark. While the terranische delegation, that Myles cantor and Bre Tsinga belong among other things, Kenteullen, the metropolis of the Nonggo gets to know, a Faktorenelement of the planet of the Nonggo materializes on Terra. The exchange seems smoothly from, to go to give. As the Faktorenelementes are restored to her/its/their origin-kinds, Myles of the death of his/its longtime companion Kallia Nedrun, that had died under mysterious circumstances in the Heliotischen bulwark, experiences. Myles cannot first come to terms with this message - it comes to the breakdown.

During Myles on titanium where also Kallias body is is treated, the Nonggos start new attempts with the Heliotischen honeycomb. On the earth, a citizen-initiative forms that itself " new truth 1289 " meanwhile names. The supporters of this movement, that are quoted by the Terraner Ying Tseyung, would like to reach, that the Nonggos retreat together with the Heliotischen bulwark from the Sol-System and the decision is put over the installation of this gigantic construction into the hands of the Terraner. The initiative fears a danger for the planets of the solar system, that goes out from the immense strength-source of the bulwark, furthermore. As if the worst fears of the initiative should prove to be true, irregularities occur with the course of the last attempt. 

Nonggos like Terraner must watch, like the energy-kernel of the bulwark besides control gets and to explode threatens. Probably shrewd that such an explosion would have disastrous consequences for the entire, inner solar system, the Terraners decide to generate a structure-rip through trans-form-fire, through which the expected energy-development can itself unloaded. However it comes quite differently. The builders of the Heliotischen bulwark themselves have installed a security-circuit for the worst case of the cases. Shortly before the Heliotischen bulwark of the energy-kernel is destroyed, a structure-gap opens through them/her/it all energies can flow away. Nevertheless, there is to lament many victims with the catastrophe. On Terra, 2 areas, that are severed by the factor-steam-barrier, remain behind after the destruction of the bulwark. One can assume it, that has appeared on the planet of the Nonggo the terranischen counterparts. The suspicion, that must have sabotaged Kallia Nedrun before her/its/their death the bulwark, remains as resume for the moment. A strange change goes with the Nonggos off. The fleet of the beam-spindles moves away and the Nonggos show clear changes in the behavior pattern. It seems, as if the relapse has changed something in them.

The Nonggos have left the SOL-System after the destruction of the Heliotischen bulwark again. Back, an oblong box remains in the universe, in his insides the Terraners find a Nonggo after short examination. The Nonggo is in a lamentable condition and needs the physical like psychic care. The Terraners comprehend, that the Nonggos have actually left behind a nature from her/its/their middle as " sin-bearers " for the catastrophe about the Heliotischen bulwark. Bre Tsinga, from occupation Xenopsychologin and assesses emphatically, the task takes on to take care of the broken Nonggo. Her/its/their goal is to be learned more about this mysterious people and to collect helpful information over the two Faktorenelementes, that has remained behind after the annihilation of the bulwark on Terra, - and that proves to be increasingly more important, because strange Vorfälles occur increasingly often on Terra. In the Terranischen zoo, animals are mutilated, people are abducted and inexplicable break-ins happen it.

The suspicion becomes more substantial. The first Terranerin has the two Faktorenelementes bolted admitteldly, attacked military restraint however for the moment. The reason for it is the supposition, that is locked up behind the insipid-barriers of the two Faktorenelemente Nonggo, that shortly before denies the bulwark on the earth was moved. As a reconnaissance-team penetrates into one of the Faktorenelemente, it finds only an uninhabited construction. Bre Tsinga brings the sin-bearer to Genhered to this construction and can elicit some important information from the Nonggo, that finally grasps to the Sabinnerin confidence, with it. 

The empty construction comes obviously from Kenteullen, the capital of the Nonggo. Furthermore, the Sabinnerin, that was Genhered of the project-leader for the installation of the Heliotischen bulwark in the SOL-System and was selected as sin-bearers therefore, experiences. As Terraners penetrate into the second Faktorenelement close to Terrania however, the catastrophe occurs. Extremely aggressive natures, that name itself Dscherro, expect the Terraner and prepare an unbelievable slaughter. The Dscherros own weapon systems, that on 5-D foundations operating appliances, like SERUNS, fight-robots or gliders can incorrectly-switch. Through the physical superiority of the Dscherro, the completely surprised are, terranischen associations hopelessly puts underneath and after short time smashes......

Octobers 1289 NGZS, during which Terraner goes out the danger that of the Dscherros, to realize, begins and the Faktorenelement in the proximity Terranias with troops rearranges, begins to make Bré Tsinga first advances in the contact to the sin-bearer of the Nonggo. She/it experiences a projection caused by Genhered, that shows the Teuller-System. Stun determines Bré, that doesn't separate the Nonggo on planets, on so-called sphere-wheels lives, gigantic constructions the gigantic area-stations immediately the cities of the Nonggo carries. 

Within the Faktorenelements, invisible processes happen for the Terraner in the Stammesgefüge of the Dscherro in the meantime. The Stammesführer, named Taka, would like to use the carried off and caught Terraners as security for negotiations with the Terranerns. To the Taka seems to be plainly, that he/it with his/its 60000 Dscherros, that were moved by the Heliotische bulwark appeared suddenly in the Thorrtimer-System after Terra, against which numerical as well as technical superiority of the Terraner has no odd. Contrary to him/it, the opinion suits some of his/its sub-leaders, so-called Serofen, that has decided in favor of an aggressive stand. A central figure in this putsch seems the fighter Fellokk to play. Fellokk has be look at the position of a Serofen with all warriors admitteldly and found not also support with some of the important Serofen. Fellokk succeeds in finally killing the Taka and to win the fighters of the Dscherro for itself. The signs stand on fight - a craziness in view of the fact that Terranias and his/its citizens are removed only few kilometers.

10. Octobers 1289 NGZS, Fellokk, the new Taka of the Dscherro, actually seems his/its craziness-plan to want and to blow to the big-attack on Terrania city moves. As the Dscherro warriors break forth behind the insipid-barrier, that happens renews to the total surprise of the LFT leadership. Despite more massively technical and numerical superiority, it succeeds to demand not the Terranern end from the furious Dscherro warriors. The ground troops of the Terraner must accept a defeat after the other and must watch, as that occurs Dscherro-Kämpfer in Terrania city and itself with her/its/their fight-gliders slowly to the area-harbor works in advance. Many tragedies, that result from the unscrupulous procedure of these barbaric natures, happen at the edge of this battle.

11 Octobers 1289 NGZS, that put down Dscherro, her/its/their attack on Terrania away. As Cistolo Khan wants to answer with hardness and flies in with his/its flagship into the Faktorenelement of the Dscherro, the Dscherro crowds use shield as living to protect about her/its/their fortress from the arms of the ball-ship. Cistolo Khan must break off the offensive, he/it doesn't want to endanger even more human-lives. Fellokks bill rises. He/it can send his/its Dscherrokämpfer to area-harbor in direction successfully and can occupy the HQ-Hanse. The Dscherros have the switch-station of the mankind with it in the hand. As last news, the message penetrates into the chaos of Terrania, Perry Rhodan has climbed from the fungus-cathedral of Trokan.

Kenteullen: 5. Octobers 1289 NGZS, the action blinds into that area of the universe, in which the district of Calcutta implied through the Faktorenelement is materialized, about. The second mayor Loura Gaikunth experiences the Ortswechsel together with a big part of her/its/their government-district and must adapt itself at the new situation. Amid the district, and within the Faktorenelements stands after the spatial transfer a fungus-cathedral. Loura Gaikunth knows the function of this construction and begins a careful examination. Her/its/their main-endeavor is to be persuaded the Terraner within the insipid-barrier to the level-headedness and to get the grip on the situation. With a reconnaissance outside the Faktorenelements, the second mayor, whom her/its/their district is materialized on a gigantic wheel, recognizes - a sphere-wheel of the Nonggo.

Also the history of the terranischen scientist Tautmo Aagenfeld, that has vanished with the first visit of the Terraner on Kenteullen under mysterious circumstances, is told. Tautmo has gotten lost in the system of the Nonggo, loses his/its Serun and tries to find a way out from the strange surroundings. As Tautmo of a Nonggo is found he/it believes rescued itself, must determine however soon that has not essentially improved itself his/its situation. The Nonggos behave strangly, begin to rage and fight for itself. One of the stranger declares the breakdown of the neuron as cause - something under him/it itself the scientist to this time nothing can introduce. 

Tyra Ndoram brings during his important realizations of another reconnaissance outside the insipid-barrier. The scientific speaker has become put exact data of the surroundings into them/her/it the district of Calcutta. She/it decides was moved the structure and size of the sphere-wheel on that the Terraner. Simultaneously as Tautmo the strange changes of the Nonggo perceives, the Terraners register inexplicable computer-disturbances. Perry Rhodan, Reginald Bull and Foremon from the fungus-cathedral, steps into this chaos.

What the verschollenen Terraners of the moved district of Calcutta register as unexpected computer-disturbances and strange change of the personality-picture of the Nonggo, is the total breakdown of the Neuronischen network of Kenteullen. The worst for the Nonggo possible catastrophe has actually happened, the detachment of her/it for finished so important connection among each other as well as to all technical facilities of the sphere-wheels. The Nonggos react to this event with heavy psychic disturbances and within few minutes, the chaos breaks out on all 12 sphere-wheels of the Teuller-Systems. During the breakdown progresses the Nonggo Down Kempesch remembers Kort long behind times, that a similar case has already entered once,.....

The history tells about KONT, a self-sufficient, missiles high-mechanized his single task with artificial own-consciousness it to collect preferably many data over foreign civilizations is. The superficially worthy job is a Seegen for the kontaktierten people in the fewest cases however, since appears the KONT'S more chaos than property that causes. An example tells the history about the contact with the blue-tides, another of the collision with the Pharynx. As sad climax, the exodus of the Frohn becomes portrayed her/it through the arrival of the KONT is caused. The high-mechanized people marks the KONT as chaos-makers soon.

After the excrement-act-reception of the Helioten with the Nonggos and their reception into the organization of Thoregon, the new members get the job KONT or Goujirrez, the chaos-maker of Norrowwon like the Kontakter still, to turn off, with what the Nonggos don't succeed in last consequence obviously is named, - then after another long period in the KONT inactive was, Shabazza succeeds in reactivating the cosmic danger.

In a retrospective view, the reader experiences him/it through the Nonggo like SHABAZZA and KONTS paralyzed the " pit " relieved and whitened him/it the way into the Teuller-System. The KONT assumes this offer and brings through his/its intervention into the Neuronische network of the Nonggo the life on all sphere-wheels in danger. A second time can a Nonggo, this time the future runner Zenndicyl Pervorat Zeun a pit activates and the KONT cripples.

As the Heliotischen bulwarks explode through SHABAZZAS sabotage, under it also that in the Teuller-System, denies the pit and the KONT becomes active anew. He/it slams unmerciful and what equals for the inhabitants of the Teuller-Systems of a catastrophe brings the Neuronische network of the Nonggo to the breakdown. As Perry Rhodan climbs from the fungus-cathedral of Kenteullen, the chaos is perfect. 
He/it grasps the critical situation and can penetrate with help of the blue suit of the Galornen into the KONT.
Rhodan recognizes with it who or something itself behind the KONT hides. The KONT is a Scout of the empress of Therm, that was sent out before many thousand years, to lift about contact to other civilizations. Rhodan can repair the KONT and can supply his/its original mission again. The KONT promises to provide the recompense of the damaged people as first.

12 Octobers 1289 NGZS, flashback into the chaos of Terrania. The capital of the earth is not to be recognized. Everywhere debris, fires and dead persons. The fights with the Dscherros die down something and the barbarians seem to retreat for the moment, for like long knows nobody. To Cistolo Khan, the opportunity is of use to rescue casualties and survivors, who hike partially aimlessly through the debris, to evacuate. 

At the same time, Perry Rhodan steps out of the fungus-cathedral on Trokan. He/it brings new information of the Nonggos and over the whereabouts of the Faktorenelements of Calcutta. To Cistolo Khans disappointment, Rhodan can contribute nothing to the current situation with Dscherro however. Rhodan is involved admitteldly very much, the Terra is content with the fact with Atlan and Cistolo Khan in good hands however is. Before he/it comes back over the bridge into the infinity after Kenteullen, he/it covers up all information that he/it over the Nonggo and the chaos-maker had collected to Atlans Serun.

To Rhodans parting, Atlan flies to support Genhered to the Faktorenelement after Calcutta about Bré Tsinga with the work with the sin-bearer. The Kosmopsychologin makes progress only slowly with it.
Her/its/their hope, that basing Nonggo through the activation of the Meso-Neurons of the Nonggo history-museum fails, because Genhered was removed the SBS chip operationally. First the data covered up by Rhodan awaken the Nonggos something from his/its lethargy. As he/it learns about Atlan, that the fourth runner has suffered Zenndicyl Pervorat Zeun the death already 60 years ago, however, the Nonggo collapses.
He/it must have had a narrow relationship to the runner, because he/it speaks of Zenndicyl Pervorat Zeun as friend. The puzzle about Genhered becomes noticeably bigger.

As Cistolo Khan of Taka Fellok finally receives an answer on his/its negotiation-offers, that is already all it itself with the apparent willingness only about another ruse plainly goes itself to procure an advantage. In order to negotiate an attitude of the fights, Fellok insists as venue on the HQ-Hanse. Cistolo Khan is clear, that the Dscherro-Häuptling the roughly umkämpfte switch-center Terranias into the hand would like to receive, however the Taka is disappointed. The HQ-Hanse is evacuated and is emptied. Only Paola Daschmagan, the first Terranerin, expects the Dscherro and gives itself as hostage into the hands of the Taka. Angrily the Dscherros occupy the HQ and pronounce bad threats against Cistolo and the Terraner, because they feel deceived about her/its/their victory. Despite all, the situation has not improved itself to Gunsten of the Terraner - rather the opposite is the case. There, Atlan reports with a plan.....

Terrania doesn't come to the silence. Shortly after conquest of the HQ-Hanse, the Dscherros begin a new attack against the area-harbor of Terra. Cistolo Khan meets the attack with hardness and what however immediately extends according to the death of innocent civilians can achieve successes with the defense of the Dscherro. The Dscherros still put down unscrupulously human hostages a, to lend emphasis about her/its/their demands. To middles in Cistolos despair, Atlans secret-troop appears on Terrania. Domino steed, Arno Wosken and Rosa Borghan, three courageous Siganesens of Camelot, that it expects itself, to penetrate into the Faktorenelement and to explore Gousharan, the castle of the Dscherro. Cistolo Khan, first skeptical, finally consents into the command-business. His/its skepticism is not caused by approximate. Many his/its the best LFT agents is already with the attempt to penetrate into the sphere of influence of the Dscherro unseen, about the life come. Khan finally gives the job to explore the castle and a certain location, to look out for a bridge-head.

The Siganesens use the tunnels generated by the Dscherros to along-work slowly about itself on Gousharan. On her/its/their way, they first fight with purely earthly opponents, like for example rats.
Unseen from the Dscherros, they succeed with it, in which Faktorenelement and, finally to force an entry into the castle. There, the 3 small people become witness of unbelievable cruelties. You/they begin to explore the castle with it....

While Cistolo Khan on advises Atlans seriously considers the Dscherro negotiations to offer, the Siganesens begin to convey first information over the siganesischen robots left behind at the insipid-barrier. They have succeeded in manipulating the umbrella-field-aggregates of the castle so, that a Nanostrukturlücke can be opened, to send about one gathered short-momentum. Unfortunately, her/its/their radio-impulse of Bousseor, a Footen, is snatched. The Foote decides to pursue the strange impulses. During his sends out the Siganesen so-called " mites ", small, approximately 3 millimeters big, full-self-sufficient mini-spies, the precious note and hints deliver. Bousseor discovers the left behind robots at the insipid-barrier and destroys her/it/them. 

Shrewd that there is in Gousharan spies, he/it goes on the search after the Siganesens. Bousseor actually succeeds caught domino steed with an energy-network in taking, however the Foote doesn't reckon with 2 more " small people ". He/it is overpowered by Arno Wosken and Rosa Borghan for his part and is caught taken. It develops a dialogue between the Siganesen and the Footen. In the end, the Siganesens begin the Footen to trust that declares, that his/its people of the Dscherros by force in Gousharan is held. The Siganesens take the shackles from Bousseor and become badly disappoints. The Foote lures her/it/them into an ambush, that they escape only barely. 

While the Siganesens fight for the survival, Taka Fellokk begins big to proceed against possible opponents in the own rows aimed. Much Dscherro, mainly sympathizers of the old Taka, is killed by Fellokks Häschern.
Also against the terranischen hostages, the Dscherros commit unbelievable cruelties. The Siganesens grasp to hit back the plan with same methods and to take a hostage in turn. You/they decide in favor of the Serofen Tschoch. It succeeds actually to overcome the Dscherro the small human being and to flee with him/it from the castle. As the Siganesens, that she/it is still have other unpleasant companion besides Tschoch, almost recognize it too late. From all angles of the Dscherro glider, Footens appear and attack the Siganesen. It succeeds to keep not the small human being of Siga the Serofen as hostage, but they have saved the carried off data from Gousharan after all.

27. November 1289 NGZS, that carried off from the siganesischen use-command, data over the Dscherro it proves to be bulk useless, since the Serofen Tschoch has succeeded obviously in mutilating the data before covering up. The specialists of the Gilgamesch do themselves nevertheless to rescue preferably much of the erhaltenen data at the work.

Surprising openings of the Dscherro occur on the earth. Taka Fellokk would like to step in negotiations and would name the conditions, with which he/it wants to exchange the terranischen hostages. As leverages, he/it still puts in their life as security. The Dscherros leave Cistolo Khan, that they have picked up it on the nova Raumer of the LFT and leave her/it/them, what happens with the hostages knows no doubt about it, if her/its/their demand is not kept up.

On the Gilgamesch, one makes progress towing in the meantime. Some blocks of the data could be done legibly, however still yielded no right sense. It seems as secured however that the Dscherros invade each überfallenen planet only once or but only after thousands years again on one already überfallenen planets lands. You/they plunder and steal, however never annihilates the überfallene culture completely. While the specialists on the Gilgamesch analyze the won information, the transfer of the first nova of Raumer occurs. Cistolo Khan, that is developed all offensively-arms from the Raumerns and her/its/their yawls before the transfer, has induced. Merely the Syntronikens and the defensive-systems remain on board. 

The Dscherros insist on also the transfer of Hypnoschulern, with their help they can learn the service of the ships. The novas of Raumer are handed over piece for piece with a heavy heart and are parked Gousharans on the big platforms. Single cruelties still occur opposite the terranischen hostages admitteldly, however with it the Dscherros want to demonstrate her/its/their determination merely. In the exchange against the Kugelraumer of the LFT, the first prisoners become sedate on free foot as a countermove soon.

Altogether 58 Raumers carry off the Dscherro on this extortionate manner, the entire fleet of the most modern ships over the Terra at this time has. As single, Cistolo Khans Papermoon remains in the hands of the Terraner.

At the 29. The experts of the Gilgamesch complete November 1289 NGZS the data-analysis and come almost simultaneously with the Terranerses on the earth to the realization that Gousharan is a gigantic spaceship in reality. With the captured novelty Raumern and all Dscherro on board leaves Gousharan Terra and the SOL-System. As new goal of the Dscherro, a new planet can be decided with high likelihood.....

Page 1 | page 2 | cycle 29 

Cycle 28: The Heliotischen bulwarks (2) 
Page 1 | page 2 | cycle 29 

17. Octobers 1289 NGZS, galaxy Gorhoon, after Perry Rhodan has turned away the danger of the KONT of the home-system of the Nonggo, the Terraner decides to start an expedition to the galaxy of the Baolin-Nda.
The fog of the Baolin-Nda lies in a distance of 5,5 light-years to the galaxy Gorhoon.
In order to overcome this distance, the Terraners get the Nonggo long-distance-spaceship KAURRANG, a beam-spindle of 150 meters of length. In order to man the ship, Perry Rhodans and Reginald Bull fall back on the verschollenen inhabitants from the Calcutta-south Faktorenelement. So, a colorfully motley team originates, that some quaint characters united, like approximately the Ertruser Poulton Kreyn, the former LFT agent Mondra Diamond, or the two Swoon Treuls and Goriph.

After a flight-duration of 11 days, the KAURRANG arrives at the edge of the galaxy Shaogen-Himmelreich. 
The Nonggos have even met the Baolin-Ndas never but has technical appliances, how for example accepted the first Heliotische bulwark at transfer-scoring points. Of two transfer-coordinates were informed Rhodan before start of the expedition - KONNEX B and KONNEX C. whether there is a third transfer-point her/it with KONNEX À is marked, is not known to the Terranerns at the moment.
Hardly the beam-spindle has have leave the hyper-area, she/it already lifts an orientation.

The grasped body is a mondförmiges ship, that has grasped the KAURRANG orientation-technically for his part. Although Rhodan leaves the foreign ship anfunken, no answer takes place. 
Instead of a reaction, the ship accelerates and vanishes in the hyper-area. After this first meeting, Perry Rhodan KONNEX decides to approach B directly. The KAURRANG reaches an area-sector, in which there is neither a system nor other, bigger bodies. As Rhodan induces to examine the empty area-sector more exactly, the Orters of the KAURRANG discover an orientation-technically " dead " area, that corresponds to a ball of 0,11 light-years. As the KAURRANG flies in into this area, she/it pierces a type of orientation-protection-field and grasps one 22 km traversing bodies - a round platform with numerous constructions that however only one thickness of 80 centimeters auweißt.
The basis-material, a metal of unknown consistency, must be a static enormously stable element.

Rhodan begins the platform and its put on area, to explore. Single realization that he/it wins is that the central station of the platform shows some destroyed appliances however otherwise no more functionality is available. With this sparse harvest, Rhodan approaches as next KONNEX C, with the same result. Also this platform is out of order and betrays nothing over her/its/their builders.
Also this time, a moon-ship, that retreats after short orientation-activity again, appears.
, In order to get however an Anknüpfpunkt, where the Baolin-Ndas are to be sought, Perry Rhodan decides to approach a near system. The name of the system is Mourmalin-System and is barely 1000 light-years of the edge of the galaxy removes.

The Terraners are received kindly, no answers get on questions over the Baolin-Nda however. 
Nobody in the Mourmalin-System seems this important people of the coalition to know Thoregon.
The situation becomes worse as the moon-ship in the system appears. It belongs to the Shaogen-Außenwächterns, that order to fix the Terraner. No belief is given Perry Rhodans explanations by sides of the Shaogen-Außenwächtern. The KAURRANG is considered a ship of the Traals, a name with the Perry Rhodan and the personnel of the KAURRANG nothing can start. The Baolin-Ndas are not known also to the Shaogen-Außenwächterns. 

In order to scatter the mistrust of the outside-guards, Rhodan tells the history of his/its mission, over the coalition Thoregon and the danger in her/it itself the Baolin-Nda and maybe the whole galaxy Shaogen-Himmelreich decides. Those outside-guards are still distrustful, Rhodans information refers however. Finally, a reaction takes place. That outside-guards Crigon announces, that Siebenton, that will assume spiritual and terrestrial sovereigns of Shaogen-Himmelreich itself the Terraner.  Siebenton carries the title Seelenhirte of cloud-place. Shortly on it, a big fleet of moon-navigating appears, quoted ACROSS-MOON OF CLOUD-PLACE from Siebentons flagship.

Siebenton: The history of the Mönchin Siebenton, that grows up cloud-place on the planet in the WOLK-System, is told. In young years, the Mönchin goes the drawn way of all female monks, and that is called hard work. Monks were first born with female sex-characteristics and were changed in the age between 120 and 130 years to the male sex. Female monks are younger and more powerful and have her/its/their place in the culture of the monks as workers. After the change to the man, monks take on usually leading or leading tasks.

Siebenton awakens the attention of the priest Walyon early, because she/it behaves for a monk-woman atypically ". That is Siebenton is creative with the work, does crucial improvement-suggestions and confuses the " Männerwelt " of the monks. Walyon seems the hidden potential of the Mönchin to recognize and appears as her/its/their sponsor again and again. Siebenton finally changes from the field work to Koliwan, an archaeologist of that the legacies of the Tessma examines, a prämönchischen race that cloud-place and big parts of the galaxy Shaogen-Himmelreich once populated.

As Siebenton is finally appointed to the outside-guard-decoration, an appeal of that no monk can again-speak, Siebenton experiences the confrontation with the Traal-Gegenkult consciously for the first time. After the fight against a Traal ship, Siebenton is rescued as single survivors of an outside-guard-station of a ship of the Caliguren, who look in the job of Walyon for Siebenton. Siebenton affiliates the Caligurens a time long and learns to know so many worlds and races of the galaxy. Clarified begins her/it/them after the common time with the Caligurens the way home after cloud-place. She/it finally goes a relationship an and receives two children before she/it follows the cycle of all monks and develops into the man.

Also as man, Siebenton of itself does talks. Siebenton, in the meantime 142 years old, approaches the planets Namwogg, on which apostate monastic settlers live. The descendants fallen back into the primitiveness have a group Mönchinen in her/its/their hands, that have stranded with her/its/their ship on Namwogg. Since the Namwoggs a primitive, kanibalischen cult has developed, danger exists for the hostages. Siebenton sits down the task from the beginning to solve not the problem with words and negotiation-tactic with force however.  She/it/they succeeds in freeing the Mönchinen and to convert the Namwoggs to the Shaogen-Kult in addition, a merit of that you high is credited.
Step by step, Siebenton is now introduced in the priest-dignity.

On cloud-place, he/it is now the most time in the Inversen station, the traditional seat of the pastor of cloud-place. As next station, Siebenton, now 155 years old, visits the planets Cromm. A technically superior colony of the monks, that has renounced all activities largely, has developed on Cromm. As balance, each Crommer is connected and so with the community of all is connected. The Crommers have begun with exploring the Shaogen-Sternenlicht and have strayed from view of the Shaogen-Anhänger of the true way. As ships of the Traal-Kultes the planet attacks Siebenton help achieves and puts the care of the Crommer with the most necessary sure.

In the age of 170 years, Siebenton of his/its old sponsor is proposed Walyon as candidates for the office of the pastor of cloud-place. Caryton, the incumbent Seelenhirte has sickened heavily and has had only to live a certain span. As Konkurent Siebentons steps his/its more formerly Lebenspartner Lokhout on. As unexpected Führsprecher, a fleet of the Caliguren meets at cloud-place an and takes for Siebenton party. The committee decides in favor of Siebenton and nominates him/it to the geitlich and terrestrial leaders of Shaogen-Himmelreich consequently. Siebenton still learns another people from Shaogen-Himmelreich not yet knows him/it he/it until now has met - the Jedouinen. Siebenton meets also the representatives of the Shaogen-Außenwächter and travels numerous planets, about which she/it knows from the time with the Caligurens, that the inhabitants lived in suppression and need. 

Siebenton begins with numerous reforms and pushes these through at many places. As the Shaogen-Sternenlicht stays away suddenly, it meets the pastor of cloud-place and all others being in Shaogen-Himmelreich like a hit. In the originating confused, the confrontation occurs with Lokhout, Siebentons ehemalifgem partner and his/its own daughter Silkon. With help of the outside-guards, Siebenton can knock down the rebellion and can turn away the danger. In the end, Siebenton reaches the message, that strangers have appeared in Shaogen-Himmelreich. You/they name yourself/themselves Terraner and warn of a big danger, which threatens the home-like galaxy. Siebenton sets out into the Mourmalin-System in order to meet with Perry Rhodan and his/its companions, that has reached the galaxy exactly with the Nonggo ship KAURRANG.

Siebenton, that Seelenhirte of Shaogen-Himmelreich, arrives with his/its flagship ACROSS-MOON OF CLOUD-PLACE and a small Begleitflotte in the Mourmalin-System. The caught Galaktikers, that have arrived the Nongoo ship KAURRANG in Shaogen-Himmelreich on board, are reason for the arrival in order to look for the Baolin-Ndas. The statement was available Siebenton Perry Rhodans, in whoever he/it points out the Baolin-Nda. Exactly the name of that Thoregon people however awakened memories with Siebenton, that had found a hint on this people in the archives of the Inversen station. As Rhodan is met with Siebenton, an unification occurs - even to a pact. The Terraner can arrange the monks his/its intents plausibly and can offer help for his part. Siebenton seals the pact in view of the not recurrent Shaogen-Sternenlichts and offers Rhodan access to the archive on cloud-place. 

Meanwhile, evil looms. On a world of the Traal, the leader interrogates Houcho Maull, a woman from the people of the Jedouinen, caught agents of the outside-guards of decoration. So, the Traal of Siebentons presence experiences in the Mourmalin-System, only protected through a small Begleitflotte of the outside-guards. Houcho Maull sees her/its/their odd to beat the pastor and the ACROSS-MOON damning.  The leader of the Traal sends out a fleet to the Mourmalin-System. The fight occurs. Perry Rhodan, at the time of the Traal attack still on the ACROSS-MOON, is involved unintentionally with his/its delegation into the conflict. First, Siebenton feels on the basis of the technical superiority of her/its/their ACROSS-MOON before each attack of the Traal sure, is taught a better however soon. Some ships of the attacking fleet are equipped with sunbathe-fire-guns - the strongest known weapon in Shaogen-Himmelreich that normally only the ACROSS-MOONS reservations is.

As the ACROSS-MOON OF CLOUD-PLACE of opposing units is locked up, the situation becomes worse critically. The ACROSS-MOON must pocket heavy hits. Poulton Kreyn, commander of the KAURRANG an unortodoxe strategy, develops in last second. He/it induces the Nongoo ship, protected merely through his/its strong defensive-systems, that to ram Traal ships. The bill rises. The rows of the aggressors guess ACROSS-MOON OF CLOUD-PLACE into disorder and that, relief receives. As too good last Korter, the leader of the outside-guard-decoration with a fleet arrives, turns the fight-luck and the Traal fleet can become beat. Siebenton immediately leaves with the ACROSS-MOON after cloud-place as a result.

At the 28. October 1289 NGZS reaches the KAURRANG the planets cloud-place in WOLK-System. The central-planet of the monks lodges the " ancient archive ", which is in the lowermost floor of the Inversen station. Siebenton solves his/its promise an and grants Perry Rhodan admittance to the secret premises of the Inversen station, that were only the pastor reservations until now. Siebenton doesn't deal the Seelenhirte of cloud-place quite unselfishly then suspects a context between the absence of the Shaogen-Sternenlichts and the puzzling people of the Baolin Nda, on his search itself the Terraner decides. As the Terraners with Siebenton sight the archive of the Inversen station together, they experience a sharp disappointment. The found data comprise only vague hints over the Baolin Nda and are too all him/it hardly to equate with an archive, that the entire historiography of the monks should include.

Already almost no longer at a success believing, Reginald Bull finds the usable hint afterall.
The found information leaves open another, considerably bigger archive, that is guarded by the people of the Taniten, closes. Where this archive is and something has remain it with the Tanitens in the single on itself in the dark. As begins itself to interest the two Swoon for an old, inactive switch-bracket, nobody still knows itself the micro-technicians about which great utensil concerns. It cares tone Siebentons information no hints for the function of the installation. As it finally succeeds to activate the old controls with help of the galornischen technology of Rhodans suit, the installation turns out as working Transmitter. Siebenton, Rhodan, Bull and the other companions of shelf of the KAURRANG decide to explore the goal-system of the Transmitter and go through the splendor-field together. At the goal arrived the group is located on an extremely meager and cold planet again - Kolkenhain. In visible reach, which stand is identified 3 pyramids in the following as the central-archive of the pastors.

Also the Tanitens are on the spot, however the small Humanoidens are in a pitiful condition. Done since the absence of the Shaogen-Sternenlichts of each care, that is clearly from the hunger already people decimated before the exodus shortly. The Tanitens on one particular herb, without his influx dwindle the physical and mental strengths visibly, are instructed. Rhodan gets going instantaneously and obtains the important reason-food of a near trade-planet. As itself, to recover the Taniten, begins Siebentons and the Terraner get Keudin admittance to the central-archive with help of the tanitischen leader. On the other hand, the seekers experience only general, more philosophical hints over the Baolin Nda. After all, there is a clear hint for the mysterious KONNEX À, his coordinates lay in the darkness until now. As Siebenton checks the records, the group experiences a surprise. The coordinates of KONNEX À are 876, the main-world of the Traal, with those of GK identically!

The hints from the central-archive of the monks lead the Galaktiker the KAURRANG and Siebenton to the system GK 876, the central-planet of the Traal-Gegenkultes, on board. To the big surprise of all, the coordinates of the sought KONNEX À prove with the position of the Traal central-planet identically. The Traal fleet, through which weakened strongly in the Mourmalin-System lost battle, cannot prevent, that the outside-guard-decoration encircles the basis-planet of the Traal and bolts hermetically. 

GK 876 was not finally selected by the Traal also because of that energy-field, which offers an absolute orientation-protection of the implied area and surrounds also GK 876. The same field, however far extended than with KONNEX À, B and KONNEX was registered C also about the stations KONNEX. Without that itself the Traal over the important meaning of the planet in the clear was, the organization used the jungle-world over long time as basis.

As the Galaktikers on the planet discover a hidden station, a reconnaissance-troop of the KAURRANG lands and does a fascinating discovery. The installations of the station, builds undoubtedly from the Baolin-Ndas, steers a Giganttransmitter his splendor-field over the surface of the planet appears the switch-elements of the station as Rhodan activates. During the last resistance of the Traal is broken and Houcho Maulls, that Jedouine and leader of the counter-cult dies, decide to fly in the Galaktiker with the KAURRANG into the concentration-field of the Giganttransmitters. Perry Rhodan believes solidly in it, that will reach the KAURRANG the Baolin-Ndas over the Transmitterfeld,.....

30.November 1289 NGZS, back to the arena Milky way. The Dscherros have escaped Raumern and the spaceship GOUSHARAN with the 58 novelty. Nobody within the LFT leadership dares a prognosis, which goal the plundering barbarians have picked out itself as next. On board the GILGAMESCH has not remained one idle.  The Kontrakomputers of the MERLIN Zentralmodules have calculated the planets Siga with high likelihood as next goal, there is a result, that cannot be confirmed by the Syntronikens of the LFT, however more worthwhile goals, as an abandoned planet. 

Atlan tries suitable protection-measures to convince the LFT commissioner to seize for Siga, however despite the recommendation of Bre Tsinga and the Siganesen on board the GILGAMESCH, his/its efforts are useless. Since the Siganesens are still convinced of it, that the Footens will press the Takka to heading for the system of Gladors star, the small people grasp the plan to defend her/its/their home itself. 275 of them and consequently the biggest part of the still living Siganesen, sets out with 3 Spezialraumerns of the GLADOR class after Siga.  

Her/its/their plan is just as audaciously as rashly - she/it wants to take the Footen as hostages, that Dscherros rob all more technical maintenance so and practice pressure on the barbarians consequently. As trap, CADO is prepared, a gigantic Multifunktions-Automatikfabrik in the Stand-By mode. The Siganesen about domino steed is itself united, CADO with his/its automatic production-programs for micro-technology must exert a virtually magic attraction on the Footen. 

The assumption proves to be right. All 800 Footens on GOUSHARAN fall into a true hunt-fever after the siganesischen technology and attack over CADO. As they want to activate the automatic production, the trap snaps. The Siganesens succeed in driving together the Footen and to fix. The small natures as security, domino reports steed to the completely surprised Takka Fellokk and begins to dictate his/its conditions.

Domino steed puts the Taka following demands: Decontrol of the 58 novelties' Raumer and leaves behind the ships in the Orbit about Siga, Entwaffnung of the GOUSHARAN under supervision siganesischer control-robots and unhesitating retreat of the Dscherro from the Milky way. Domino gives itself hard and uncompromising. In order to lend his/its demands emphasis, the Siganese shows the Taka 4 dead Footens, that were killed by a siganesische security-circuit and threaten, the execution more member the for the Dscherro vital country at.

Lies of course to kill not it in the intent of the Siganesen Footen, but the Drohgebärde alone has effect. Taka Fellokk works weakened and sick, a circumstance the domino for the goals of the Siganesen exploits. The cause for the weakness of the Takas and all Dscherro is the forthcoming DASCHKA ritual. The DASCHKA is obviously essential for the Dscherro and cannot be carried out successfully without the Footen. It is indicated because beside the Dscherro in GOUSHARAN, that can hardly still suppress her/its/their desire after union, changes also the caught Footens on Siga her/its/their holding back and look. The Footens begin to surround itself/themselves with a slimy substance, that her/its/their bodies has shone metallic.

On GOUSHARAN, Taka Fellokk can hardly still curb the unrest among his/its fighters. Always on occasion, bloody collisions occur under the Dscherro for them/her/it it to be a pain, the DASCHKA seems to delay even longer. The mood, that prepared the Taka, under the Dscherro and the demanding appearance of the Siganesen models as executed Footen shows, almost drives the Taka into the death. Hardly still man of his/its senses can he/it in last second a traitor, they transfer him/it to seize about even the power wanted to kill. It is Okkar, that Serofe for the social order. Fellokk follows from the fight strengthened and recovers a time his/its old action-ability again long.

On Siga, the Footens succeed in outwitting the Siganesen and to flee. The Siganesens are recognizing the escape in time now in order to leave over the prepared Transmitter CADO in turn, before GOUSHARAN destroys the factory with energy-arms.

It is to be recognized painfully for Cistolo Khan, that he/it has been mistaken. Atlan informs him/it of the news over the raid of the Dscherro on Siga per Hypercom, because that RICO already stands near Gladors star. The LFT commissioner puts down immediately to put 200 cruisers in march about the flight-fortress GOUSHARAN in the area. The Footens have made it once again meanwhile. Seassor, the leader of the Footen, has been able to bring into line a terranischen Beutetransmitter with an equivalent appliance on Siga and it according to the caught Footen, to escape, enables.

It was highest time, because they are ready also like the Dscherro for the Daschka. Also for Fellokk, the rescue of the Footen comes in last second, because although only the Taka can give the signal to the start for the Daschka, he/it would have been able to hold his/its warriors no longer under control long. On Siga, domino decides steed, last Siganese in the automatic factory CADO, to a risky risk. Domino follows the Footens after short wait through the Transmitter and materializes the GOUSHARAN on board. Nobody takes note from him/it, because strange things happen there. From the viewpoint of the Siganesen, a type of civil war seems to prevail, because domino finds many, Dscherro, that lies around throughout GOUSHARAN and was broken off the horn those, injured. 

The Siganesen succeeds in looking for his/its old base that was not still discovered by the Footens and to latch itself/themselves into the communication-system of the GOUSHARAN. The Siganese sees the same pictures the ship on board everywhere. Fighting, ranting Dscherroleiber, between it Footen that seemingly the wounds of the Dscherro looks after. As domino recognizes the true character of the events, he/it can hardly believe it. The Daschka is the reproductive-ritual of the Dscherro! While unbelievable things happen on GOUSHARAN, that of Cistolo Khan appears, fleet sent out under leadership of Ondula Kirrell in the system of Gladors-Stern. The 200 heavy cruisers immediately register that the Dscherros with the GOUSHARAN bombard the surface Sigas. Ondula Kirrell gives the command to the attack, that she/it must already pay bitterly in the first minutes, because hardly the attack has the small fleet must begin the first total-losses accepts. 

Ondula Kirrel decides them/her/it unmanned in the Orbit of Siga standing NOVAS to board Raumer and to guarantee for the LFT - a business that success promises the Dscherro to Handlungsunfähig through the running Daschka ritual largely there is. Domino steed develops a plan meanwhile, as he/it can harm GOUSHARAN. He/it decides to manipulate the drive-aggregates - something him/it also succeeds. As that arrives RICO and the PAPERMOON in the system and the attacks are coordinated more effectively, the Dscherros try to escape with the GOUSHARAN. Shortly before the gigantic ship can dunk into the hyper-area however, it passes in a gigantic explosion. Domino steed can change in last second over a Transmitterverbindung to the RICO. The danger of the Dscherro is consequently a for finished time turned away.

PR 1899 tragedies in the delta-area, from eyrie Hoffmann, 
 Central figures of the novel
Tautanbyrk - in researchers of the Baolin-Nda develops to the helper of the third runners. 
Kuntherherr - the third runner of Thoregon 
Viviaree - the young Baolin-Nda becomes to the hope of her/its/their people 
Perry Rhodan - the Terraner, to reach the delta-area, tries 
Siebenton - the Seelenhirte of cloud-place stands before a decision-battle  

In a flashback, one learns details about the legendary people of the Baolin-Nda for the first time.
The history of Tautanbyrk is told, a brilliant technician of the Baolin-Nda, his specialty is the Tessma-Design, - a scientific direction that probably for a Terraner extremely strange must work. Tessma-Designers construct genetic modifications the once in the galaxy Shaogen-Himmelreich of resident insektoiden Tessma-Volkes. Tessma-Designers use the genetic pool of the Tessma for all situations. So, Tautanbyrk is involved at the formation and Aufzucht of so-called Tessma-Sesseln; living, tall Tessma that the Baolin-Nda as seat - and transportations serves.

Tessma-Design is applied in virtually each life-area of the Baolin-Nda. So, there is Tessma-Kunstwerke for example - that is " living " pictures, that consist of thousands small-bred insects, that order itself after an artistic pattern and can regroup, to manage about a new. Or there are Tessma spaceships, that protected through an energy-field of the deadly vacuum, in its core hollow for the personnel offers. Other Tessma-Komponentens are part of the habitations, the spaceships and all other imaginable areas. 

The Baolin-Ndas live in the Baolin-Deltaraum, an unique hyper-area-blister that constantly from psionischen energies durchflutet becomes. In altogether 52 collagens the in the principle deep station and residential-islands represent, live and work the Baolin-Nda on her/its/their technical projects - so also Tautanbyrk.
Tautanbyrk attracts the attention of Kuntherherr, that third runners Thoregons and respectable high-technicians of the Baolin-Nda. The young Baolin-Nda not yet suspects has selected the Kuntherherr him/it as a possible successor in the runner-office and is astonished, as the high-technician him/it, to work as his/its assistant, offers.

Tautanbyrk assumes the office and receives first information over the function of the third runner and the organization Thoregon. The young technician gets to know many new technologies in the following time, among other things also the tower of the light, that represents the source of the Shaogen starlight. Always on occasion is caused for Tautanbyrk in the following time by misunderstandings disappointments. Too slowly Thoregon price gives Kuntherherr information over the organization and excludes Tautanbyrk of meetings with other runners. Tautanbyrk understands these gestures incorrectly and retreats from Kuntherherr at times. In this time, the young technician Viviaree learns to know, a female Baolin-Nda that itself to him/it feels pulled. As the two are one pair, Tautanbyrk finds the way back short-term to Kuntherherr again and works in the virtual factory, in which the " virtual ships " construct and are built.

As traversing ball-ship appears a 60 meters one day in the Baolin-Deltaraum and Kuntherherr discovers a so-called Nano-Kolonne on board, the discord occurs between the two. The Nano-Kolonne represents one piece of brilliant miniature-technology that can act independently and itself at finished only imaginable circumstance and realities adapts. Put into the body of another nature, the Nano-Kolonne can turn into the Seegen or curse for the host, ever after whether the circa 2 millimeters big object groups itself to a weapon or enriches the body through addition-functions and supports.
Kuntherherr exists to take on the Nano-Kolonne the ULTIST on board, the most important switch-station in the Baolin-Deltaraum.

The message of a certain benefactor SHABAZZA, doesn't make the third runner distrustful. Tautanbyrk refuses each responsibility for this foolish procedure and finally parts with Kuntherherr. One surprises Tautanbyrk and the young Baolin-Nda of the catastrophe on board the techno-box, the ship Viviarees. The Nano-Kolonne, nothing other than an instrument SHABAZZAS, has manipulated the important tax-installations of the ULTIST and has put down such a suicide-command at all Baolin-Nda. All Tessma-Designses change simultaneously into amuck-running beasts, because also they are attainable over the ULTIST centrally. While all Baolin-Ndas perish, Tautanbyrk and Viviarees can escape into the standard-gate, the connection of the Baolin-Deltaraums to the standard-universe. There, they are certainly before the suicide-impulse, however neither can into the standard-universe the Baolin-Ndas don't flee there viable there is, comes back still into the delta-area, since they would find the death there invariably.

As Perry Rhodan close to the center finds Shaogen-Himmelreichs the access to the Baolin-Deltaraum and ventures through the hallway of the escaping Psi-Materie, he/it discovers the anchored techno-box and takes the two Baolin-Ndas on board. He/it experiences the history of the downfall and hears the name SHABAZZAS in the context with the organization Thoregon renewed. Rhodan can venture in the Baolin-Deltaraum and can destroy with help of a bomb ULTIST. The suicide-impulses stop and Tautanbyrk and Viviarees can come back into her/its/their old life-area. You/they find no more survivors Baolin-Ndas however. SHABAZZAS assassination on the people of the Baolin-Nda has been successful consequently and the two rescued are the last of her/its/their people.

Rhodan discovers the fungus-cathedral, that was put by his/its original place on one that collagens into the Äolentor. There, at the transition to the hyper-area, from which psionische energy flows constantly into the delta-area, works the fungus-cathedral like a stopper and influences the current of the Psimaterie. Over many years, it lasts come to the collapse of the hyper-area-blister so. With united strengths, the KAURRANGS and the TECHNO-BOX can postpone the fungus-cathedral with tractor-radiations on the original position again. As this has happened, shows one shines that of fungus-cathedral the arrival of a Helioten at.

Page 1 | page 2 | cycle 29 

