

                            Cycle-summary 
                              The sixth runner 

                            (c) Thomas Rabenstein 

                          [Pr1900.jpg (58047 bytes)] 
                               1289 - 12xx NGZS 
                               PR 1900 - 1949 

After the catastrophe in the Baolin-Deltaraum, the meeting occurs Perry Rhodans 
with a Helioten, that appears as emissary of the council of Thoregon, for the 
first time. He/it opens Rhodan, that he/it is chosen runners Thoregons to the 
sixth, about which to represent Terraner as again lifted people of the 
coalition. The Heliote grants Rhodan a gaze into the past and gives some 
information over the coalition Thoregon, her/its/their goals and genesis price. 

100 000 years in the past:   Perry Rhodan, that comes the Baolin-Nda from the 
galaxy Norgan-Tur originally, experiences. On her/its/their home-world of 
Onzhous, the Baolin-Ndas worked in the service of the Kosmokraten and knights 
of the depth. Her/its/their task is to be provided the knight-decoration with 
technical equipment. Then high-technician of the Baolin-Nda is Autrach. Autrach 
is in the succession of Thundergorn, from his macro-bodies he/it takes on the " 
conscience " of the Baolin-Nda. The " conscience " is nothing other than a 
mutated, very long-lived Baolin-Nda, that unites the experience of many 
generations of high-technicians in itself. His/its name is Temperou. 

99500 years in the past:   Autrach works on a big-project for the knights of 
the depth. The Baolin-Ndas received the task the glove, his reason-construction 
of the Porleyters comes, to provide with technical additions. Cairol, an 
Androide, is client and contact to the knights of the depth. 

99000 years in the past:   Autrach meets the emissary of the Kosmokraten for 
the first time. Cairol reveals the high-technician, that shortly the arrival of 
a Kosmokraten by the name of Taurec before stands. Cairol gives the Baolin-Ndas 
the command a so-called barracks to develop Taurecs for the equipment. It is a 
small, wearable box from his Innern strongly armed fight-robots to defend about 
the Kosmokraten if necessary can appear. Cairol does no secret a command of the 
order-powers from it, that these separate no job, is. Cairol evacuates Autrach 
Bauzeit 100 years an and puts down the high-technician under pressure strongly. 
Because of the command-moderates appearance Cairols, Autrach assumes the job 
only reluctantly. Shortly after it, an unknown spaceship appears over the 
home-world of the Baolin-Nda. A Heliote, that makes a strange gift for Autrach, 
is on board. It is like the knights of the depth about a data-storage, that 
leads the high-technician before eyes, the technology generated by the 
Baolin-Ndas as annihilation-arms abuses. The information overthrows Autrach 
into a conscience-crisis. As Cairol with the next meeting confirms the 
erhaltenen data without scruples as well, Autrach begins to rethink. Autrach 
causes over the time through delivery of seemingly defective technology that 
the knights of the depth release the Baolin-Nda from her/its/their services. 

80000 - 77000 years in the past: The Baolin-Ndas use the next time for the more 
refinement of her/its/their miniaturization-technology. There are already 
effective standard-procedures, that allowed it, objects that normally so big as 
is a house to accommodate in a small box. This is reached in that the 
Baolin-Nda an in itself completed universe creates the 3 dimensions in him/it 
differently was defined. Parallel to it, a concept, that the Baolin-Ndas marked 
with " Baolin-Deltaraum ", crystallizes more and more out. Basis of the concept 
is an area-blister embedded in the hyper-area, in which the people of the 
Baolin-Nda can adapt itself over several generations to the higher psionischen 
pressure of the hyper-area slowly however continually. Ultimate goal of the 
project is it, the spiritualization and total separation from her/its/their, in 
the opinion of which Baolin-Nda inadequate bodies to reach. Already in this 
time, the Baolin-Ndas know about the laws of the hyper-area and the detachment 
of the " soul " of the flesh after the death. It is proven, that the 
Geisteskomponente is integrated after the physical death into the hyper-area 
and is scattered there by the existing psionischen fields quickly. 

The mentale shackle-strength of the Baolin-Nda of this time alone is not enough 
in order to hold together the spirit after the separation of the body. The 
Baolin-Ndas are convinced of it however that a longer stay leads in as big " as 
possible proximity " to the hyper-area and his/its psionischen energy to an 
increase of the mentalen shackle-strength. Reihradd, the next high-technician 
after Autrach introduces the concept of the Baolin-Deltaraum and can convince 
his/its people of the necessary step to leave the home planet and from, now to 
lead at the life into a completed hyper-area-blister. 

As a new meeting occurs with a Helioten, this instructs the Baolin-Ndas the 
galaxy Shaogen-Himmelreich as suitable location for the planned 
Baolin-Deltaraum. Shaogen-Himmelreich lies removes 65 million kilometers of 
Norgan-Tur. The Baolin-Ndas must construct long-distance-spaceships therefore 
to bridge about the route. It lasts 100 years until the first spaceship in the 
Orbit of Onzhous originates and again several thousands years, until a fleet, 
that the entire people of the Baolin-Nda can lift, is built. In order to 
guarantee the energy-care of the ships, the Baolin-Ndas develop the " source of 
the strength " in this time. In the end, it becomes 53 gigantic ships, shortly 
collagens, that collect itself in the Orbit, named. Before the small fleet 
leaves the system, the Baolin-Ndas destroy her/its/their origin-planet through 
atom-fire. 

Before they can start her/its/their long trip, Cairol appears, the 
representative of the Kosmokraten with a big battle-fleet and asks the 
Baolin-Nda ultimativ to the subjugation. You/they should also still prepare as 
servants of the Kosmokraten high-technology. 
Reihradd sacrifices itself for the future of his/its people, steers the 53. 
Collagens between the fleet Cairols and ignited the source of the strength. The 
originating black hole tears the entire fleet of the knights of the depth into 
the undoing. The way is free. 

77000 years in the past: The Baolin-Ndas have reached Shaogen-Himmelreich. In 
the goal-area that them of the Heliote has instructed they locate a 
fungus-cathedral hovering in the area. The Baolin-Ndas decide to take the 
fungus-cathedral on advising of Temperou into her/its/their hyper-area-blister. 
As the Baolin-Deltaraum is created by the technology of the Baolin-Nda and is 
stabilized, the psionische energy flowing from the hyper-area settles as " blue 
ocean " within the hyper-area-blister. 

75000 years in the past: Despite initial victims and deaths, the Baolin-Ndas 
get used with the time to the elevated psionischen pressure and trained a 
higher resistance-strength against the psionischen fields of the hyper-area. 

72000 years in the past: In Shaogen-Himmelreich, two people face themselves, 
that insektoiden Tessma and the par-abnormally gifted Racnets, which coat 
Shaogen-Himmelreich with an annihilation-war from another Galaxie descendant. 
The Baolin-Ndas reach into the conflict an and creates the tower of the light, 
which sends out the Shaogen-Sternenlicht and scans the galaxy in a certain 
rhythm. The emitted radiation is laid out so that she/it falls with the brains 
of the Racnet in resonance. The consequence, that the aggressive Racnets die 
within short time and are pacified the galaxy again, is. Anew a Heliote appears 
and nominates the high-technician Hromoren as the third runners Thoregons. 
After conclusion of this procedure, the Baolin-Ndas are accepted Thoregon into 
the coalition officially. 

50000 years in the past: The Tessmas vanish from the stage Shaogen-Himmelreich 
and other people little by little steps at her/its/their position, like for 
example the monks or the Caliguren. The Baolin-Ndas, that one can along-breed 
almost any forms and branch-types of the Urrasse with the genotype of the 
Tessma, find out. It develops the scientific branch of the Tessma-Designs. In 
the same epoch, the Baolin-Ndas begin to create the " virtual factory " that 
only one task had - the construction of the " virtual ships ". Little by 
little, the other people join Thoregon - the coalition assumes shape slowly. 
Since the members are separated by many million light-years of each other, the 
Baolin-Ndas receive to develop the first prototype of a gigantic 
transportation-system the job - the Heliotische bulwark. 

As the Heliote finishes his/its retrospective view, Rhodan still locks the 
Shabazza into the property of at least one Nano-Kolonne must be. 8 
Nano-Kolonnens very probably already went into action. (1x in the 
Baolin-Deltaraum, to sabotage 2-5 about the dragons in Plantagoo, 6-8 for the 
assassination on the Heliotische bulwarks) finally tells the Heliote Rhodan, 
that there is a hint for Shabazzas current residence, - the galaxy NGC 5194. As 
first task, the Heliote of Rhodan demands the return-conquest of the 
runner-ship Thoregon 6, that is momentarily in Shabazzas hand. As the Heliote 
announces the true, original name of the Boten-Schiffes, Rhodan is shocked. It 
is the SOL! 

During the Heliote with Perry Rhodan in contact stands and him/it with 
information over the history of Thoregon looks after, a second incarnation 
appears from the fungus-cathedral on Trokan. The Heliote heads for the earth 
purposefully and steps with each Terraner in mentalen contact. He/it leads a 
mute dialogue in each case and advertises Thoregon for the joining of the 
Terraner into the coalition. 

Perry Rhodan is the new sixth runner Thoregons. Still, the KAURRANG is in the 
Baolin-Deltaraum. The tensions under the crewmembers ascend perceptibly, 
advanced through the Ertruser Poulton Kreyn, that becomes more and more 
rebelliously. Still during Rhodan of the Helioten to the sixth runners is 
nominated, a second Lichtbringer appears and comes back with Foremon over the 
bridge into the infinity after Galorn. Rhodan learns about Foremons parting 
first, as he/it comes back to the KAURRANG. His/its thoughts rotate around the 
SOL. What does the ship have particular that it was selected to his/its 
runner-ship? Rhodan plans after the hints of the Helioten on SHABAZZAS 
residence instantaneously, NGC, to head for 5194. Before, he/it is over the 
bridge into the infinity after Trokan in order to step with the LFT leadership 
in contact however and, to exchange the newest information. Rhodan meets 
Cistolo Khan, the straight the danger of the Dscherro has repulsed. Khan learns 
everything about the last events in Shaogen-Himmelreich and in the 
Baolin-Deltaraum. Over also the location of the Faktorenelements of 
Kalkutta-Nord that is still on Kenteullen. Now where the Terraners know the 
position and distance after Gorhoon, the situation is hopeless for the stranded 
district no longer. Cistolo informs Rhodan about the visit of the Helioten and 
the positive reason-mood of the Terraner opposite Thoregon.  Also Rhodan itself 
is accepted as sixth runner Thoregons and is rehabilitated by Cistolo more or 
less. Still before Rhodan leaves the earth again, he/it lifts contact with 
Atlan, that is with the GILGAMESCH exactly on an use against the Galactic 
Guardians. The again appointed does itself after it, sixth runner again on the 
way in the Baolin-Deltaraum, where the KAURRANG waits for him/it. Before the 
start after NGC 5194 gives Tautanbyrk Reginald Bull 6 Tessma specialized. 
Hesitantly, Bully assumes the Tessma-Designs, from which everyone hardly bigger 
than 2 centimeters and for in each case particular, technical tasks is 
conceived. While the KAURRANG gets going to the galaxy NGC 5194 without putting 
in previously again a Zwischenstop in Shaogen-Himmelreich, the Faktorenelement 
gets on Kenteullen visit. A Heliote appears from the fungus-cathedral and looks 
Kort for the Nonggo Down Kempesch. The Nonggo hardly can it grasps as he/it to 
the successor of Zenndicyl Perforat Zeun is nominated and consequently to the 
new fourth runners Thoregons. To this time, it comes to strange irregularities 
and faulty-functions the KAURRANG on board. The ship interrupts his/its flight 
through the hyper-area suddenly and falls back into the Einstein-area. After 
short pause, the KAURRANG lifts the Überlichtflug again suddenly. Also AURA, 
the shelf-calculator of the KAURRANG begins to behave strangly. Enough reason 
for Rhodan and Bully one spot of fat more, to have on the functions of the 
ship. On the home-like earth, Cistolo Khan begins to equip 3 500 meters of 
cruisers of the ODIN class for a long-distance-flight after Kenteullen in the 
meantime. it is the cruiser X-RAY, COASTER and the BALPIROL. Goal is to be 
lifted the contact to the stranded Terranerns and to regulate cases of 
hardship. Separate families shall bring together again and the Terraners are 
equipped with all necessary things. Now there the galaxy of the Nonggo known 
is, nothing more stands a long-distance-flight in the way. The sin-bearer of 
Genhered refuses a Mitflug strangely enough. Bre Tsinga, that has the Nonggo no 
other election, understands. Through his/its status as sin-bearers, he/it has 
turned simultaneously into the outcast. One, that the 6 Tessmas have done 
themselves independently, discovers on the KAURRANG meanwhile. An immediate 
search remains fruitless. Also to the long-distance-tax-impulses, the small 
Krabbeltieres don't react and remain vanished. It is already to be foreseen, 
that they accept a disastrous activity into the technical guts of the KAURRANG. 
More and more cancellations and faulty-functions occur on board. Slowly, fear 
does itself wide under the personnel. Rhodan puts down Moo a, to track down 
about the Tessma. It succeeds to kill 2 of the organic-technical insects, 
however Rhodan shares the fight moss through the existing thought-connection to 
the small-robot painfully. With the following hunt, all 6 Tessmas are finally 
turned off. The danger seems to be entranced. News occurs also in the distant 
galaxy of Plantagoo. Foremons and the Heliote visit Kaif Chiriatha and nominate 
the Galornin to the new second runners of her/its/their people. 
More catastrophes occur on the KAURRANG. The ship is only heavy to control. As 
Rhodan more Tessma finds becomes him/it, that the insects had already 
multiplied, clear before they could be turned off. You/they begin to disturb 
the functions of the KAURRANG massively. As the ship finally at the 6. Reached 
January 1290 the Wirlpool galaxy, it is only a wreck. The Tessmas guessed 
besides control romp about throughout the ship. With last need, a system can be 
reached at the edge of the duplicate-galaxy. An approximately Mars-big planet 
is the only odd to leave the ship. The KAURRANG is exploded the ship after 
abandoned. All Tessmas remained still on board pass with her/it/them. 

Since the Sprengung of the KURRANG, the Terraner, two Swoon and the elephant 
hover in her/its/their spacesuits and with restricted oxygen-reserve on the 
small, Mars-similar planet of the edge-system of NGC 5194 to. The situation is 
very critical, one considers, that the planet is uninhabited and the single of 
the system. As suddenly a spaceship from the linear-area pays a call and also 
heads for the planet, the shipwreckeds create hope that it a rescue afterall 
again gives. The ship resembles a 100 meters long cross-framework with 
eingehängten containers, Desintegratorbaggern and other function-being-ness 
that on it, it has closed that one has a fully automatic digging-ship here 
before itself. As the personnel of the destroyed KURRANG finally sews the 
digging-ship with her/its/their suits on the planet in her/it can land, this 
already pursues his/its activity. There are no personnel, no 
protection-being-directions and it proves as, very simply to penetrate into the 
command-module. Near viewed does the whole ship an extremely unattended 
impression. Also the command-headquarters seems is neglected. Rhodan tries with 
his/its Pikosyn and, even to lift contact with the Galornentechnik of his/its 
suit to the tax-brain of the ship finally, fails however. The suggestion to 
clamp the tax-module and to fly the Raumer per hand-control refuses Rhodan. 

At another place, in the home-system of the Setchenen, Tebb Celestain escapes 
only barely one murder-attack through a with a poison-thorn prepared, palm-big 
robbery-insect. Tebb belongs to the people of the Setchenen, that lives 
Quarantimo in the Quar-System on the planet. The Setchenens are a poor people 
and lie far from the densely frequented trade routes in the galaxy Salmenghest. 
The lizard-descendants live summons, understands itself on tourism and 
goods-traffic however very well. Because of her/its/their hospitality, they are 
estimated throughout Salmenghest. Tebb is a successful entrepreneur, whom it 
has just managed first, to enrich her/its/their small fleet of trip-ferries and 
transporters through 2 new and modern ships, that you will procure a clear 
advantage opposite the competition. Whether that was the reason for the 
assassination? Soon on it, visit announces itself with Tebb. Kobb Taphirtel, 
the biggest rival of Tebbs makes a surprising suggestion for her/it/them. A 
large order would like to handle her/it/them with her/it/them together. The 
unexpected offer is overshadowed by another event. Completely surprising, a 
ship of unknown construction lands on Quarantimo. From shelf of the ship by the 
name of GLIMMERS reports with a short radio-message of the vibration-researcher 
Eismer Störmengord. 

A turn is also indicated on board the digging-spaceship meanwhile. The 
installations of the ship activate themselves and the Schürfraumer leaves the 
small planet, on board the in area-need guessed, former personnel of the 
KURRANG, hastily. The digging-spaceship approaches the Quar-System and lands 
Quarantimo on the planet. The surprise under the Setchenen, as which 8 
shipwreckeds climb from the container of the digging-ship, is big. Tebb lifts 
the visitors kindly, the accident-history listens to itself and promises help. 
Even if the Setchenens own no long-distance-spaceships, so Tebb can offer at 
least to bring Rhodan, Bull and the remaining guests to another system, where 
the odd is a distant-flight-useful ship essentially bigger to find. Rhodan 
experiences details over the vibration-researchers and the kettle-vibrations of 
Salmenghest with his/its stay. Salmenghest is the smaller of the two 
Wirlpool-Galaxien. Before a contact occurs with the vibration-researcher 
however, his/its ship takes off again and leaves the Orbit of Quarantimo. 
Despite the surprising departure, the vibration-researcher still remains 
present in the Quar-System and approaches the different planets of the system. 

As Tebb Celestain would like to handle the business offered by her/its/their 
rival Kobb Taphirtel, her/its/their ferries explode after the start of 
Quarantimo together with the travelers. Approximately 4000 Setchenens lose 
her/its/their life it. Tebb is sued with the subsequent hearing of 
her/its/their rival to high compensation and must hand over her/its/their new 
ships at Kobb Taphirtel and must sell the biggest part of her/its/their 
remaining fleet to cover about the compensation-demand. Tebb is ruined. She/it 
can now cash her/its/their promise to bring the Terraner with a free passage to 
another planet also no longer. All the events look Kobb Taphirtel like a mean 
plan of her/its/their rival, there are no proof. As if all this would not 
sufficiently already be at bad news, the inhabitants receive Quarantimos the 
radio-warning of the vibration-researcher Eismer Störmengord. Within the next 4 
days will occur in a vicinity of 8 light-years a kettle-vibration - and the 
Setchenen and Terraners are in the middle of the catastrophe-area. 

The Setchenens react however nevertheless jars to the warning of the 
vibration-researcher Eismer Störmengord admitteldly thought. Although that is 
only enough in the Quar-System existing ship-authority to evacuate about 
approximately 6 percentages of the population before the forthcoming 
vibration-custody, panic and Wandalismus doesn't occur. Concentrates instead to 
enable itself/themselves the Setchenen at least a small part of her/its/their 
people the escape on it. The situation looks somewhat differently under the 
former personnel of the KAURRANG. The Ertruser Poulton Kreyn has already often 
sat down unpleasantly in appearance and has been known for his/its 
insubordination. Now he/it proposes the Terranern to capture a ship of the 
Setchenen to leave about the dangerous place as quickly as possible, if it must 
be with force. Rhodan can clarify the situation and can clarify that he/it is 
not ready any which actions, to enforce on expenses of the Setchenen. Poulton 
Kreyn gives in Rhodan to the authority. 

Meanwhile, the Setchenens prepare themselves for the forthcoming 
kettle-vibration. While the evacuation runs on full tours, one prepares itself 
also on the planet accordingly. All technical installations and power plants 
are switched off little by little to prevent about disastrous explosions. 
Solar-installations to the tramp-generation are installed and are deactivated 
finished 5-D technical department. Also in the house from Tebb Celestain, 
preparations take place. Rhodan and Bull give present as Tebb known, whoever 
receives a place on the few existing ships from her/its/their family. She/it 
itself excludes herself/itself überraschenderweise and transfers her/its/their 
first daughter Barr the responsibility for the rescued family-members. Tebb has 
itself to remain resolved on Quarantimo. The same lot is in store also for 
Rhodan and the other Terranerns, because there is no passage for her/it/them 
for one of the Setchenen ships. As Barr experiences through coincidence of the 
plot of Kobbs and delivers Tebb proof for the taken place crime, Tebb doesn't 
first want to believe it. Has murdered a set-ette still never or Artgenossens 
from low motives deceived. Kobb is guiltily after the records submitted by Barr 
at the explosion of the ferries and only commits all that to procure a 
commercial advantage about itself and to turn off Tebb as rival. Tebb brings 
her/its/their rival to the account directly. 

Before the background of the forthcoming catastrophe, she/it confesses 
her/its/their crime scornfully, confidently that it no more judge, who brings 
her/it/them to the account, will give. Tebb already experiences withdrawn the 
Kobb one of the two carried off rockets and has hidden in order to go after 
taken place evacuation of the planet on looting. Tebb reveals the Terranerns 
the Sachverhalt and recommends to capture the said rocket to rob of itself in 
security. She/it itself says goodbye with this last advice of the Galaktikerns 
and retreats. She/it puts only one condition, as much Setchenen as, to take 
possibly on board. As the Terraners go on the search after the ship, first easy 
Vorbebens take place. The harbingers of the catastrophe come only as easy 
thrill of the ground, however everyone knows something that means. The 
vibration-custody starts on the next day. The temperatures on Quarantimo fall 
severely, the gravity on the surface fluctuates about several Gravos and the 
Sonne Quar to flicker begins. 

In the incipient chaos, the Terraners find the hidden rocket-ship. Kobb 
actually goes on robbery-train. Still before the Terraners can reach the ship, 
it starts. That is luck in the accident, because soon on it the ship of the 
forces falls grasps over Quarantimo from. Kobb comes to her/its/their deserved 
end. As the Terraners want already almost to give up the hope, the ship of the 
vibration-researcher Eismer Störmengord lands suddenly on the area-harbor of 
Quarantimo. As the umbrellas of the GLIMMERS coincide suddenly, the Terraners 
penetrate into the foreign ship an and finds the vibration-researcher 
unconscious in the headquarters. To the surprise of the Terraner indicates 
after short examination of the technical installations of everything on it, 
that Eismer Störmengord has deactivated the umbrellas on purpose. A 
five-dimensional shock-front had taken the vibration-researcher the 
consciousness as a result. With help of the galornischen suit, Rhodan succeeds 
in activating the GLIMMERS and to start. The vibration-researcher awakens 
before abandoned the Quar-System shortly and begins to rant. In the same 
moment, the Sonne Quar expands to a blue giant and destroys the biggest part of 
the lived in planets, Quarantimo locked up. The kettle-vibration has destroyed 
the home of the Setchenen. Only approximately 4 millions individuals of the 
lizard-people have survived the catastrophe. 

At the 25. For March 1289 NGZS, the HALUTA II, on board Icho Tolot and the 
mouse-beaver Gucky, turns out in the small-galaxy Fornax, that resembles in 
her/its/their effect of a Paratranswaffe, under fire of a weapon. The HALUTA II 
is posted heavily and Icho Tolot decides to leave the ship with the 
mouse-beaver. Protected only through her/its/their Seruns, they become in the 
universe of an unknown opponent aufgefischt and lose the consciousness. As you 
are finally awaken 9 months from the unconsciousness again passed. One already 
writes the 23. January 1290 NGZS! 

Tolot and Guckies are the ship VUNGUAR on board. Tolot and Guckies, that became 
not only her/its/their memory on the last 9 months of gelöscht, notice quickly 
but that she/it in addition over a new job had. Her/its/their original mission 
intended to collect new information over working of the Galactic Guardians and 
to more-fly 1313 to the galaxy NGC afterwards, the alleged home-galaxy 
Kummerogs. Tolot wanted to enjoy life his/its urge-laundry in connection with 
this mission. Now, the two immortals, whom they are in a foreign ship, 
determine an inexplicable memory lapse shows, the data of her/its/their Seruns 
gelöscht became and her/its/their new task she/it to the 45 million light-years 
removed galaxy Puydor should lead. 

Piece for piece manifestieren itself details over her/its/their job in the 
brains of the two immortal. You/they shall Jii' Nevever, that free themselves 
on the planet Curayo in the system of the Sonne Minzant in captivity decides 
and its great information conveys. These information is in a so-called 
info-box, a split data-storage his fragment itself in Guckys and Tolots 
property decides. Like she/it be come the two to the info-fighting also 
inexplicably. As they examine her/its/their small ship more exactly, confirms 
itself, that they are in the Raumer alone and can never ever overcome that the 
aggregates of the ship the distance to Puydor. Shortly on it it proves that 
they have already arrived in Puydor. 

Gucky and Tolotses must have put back the flight to the distant galaxy during 
her/its/their Black-Out period and must have abandoned by another ship with the 
VUNGUAR. Tolots cannot pull another end with his/its plan-brain for the moment. 
As they reach the Minzant-System, they are met with the Chronauten. The 
Chronautens look Curayo on the planet for the noble and valuable material 
Tronium-Azint. However the reduction of the material is dangerous, because for 
the surface of Curayos, there are strange time-phenomenons that for everyone, 
that down-dares to the surface of the planet, dangerously is. In the Orbit of 
the planet, 31 are, differently big Orbitalstationen that as basis-stations 
serves. On one of them, named KHANORINKOPATH, the house of the legion-leader 
Dukken Haussa, Tolot and Guckies sign on as Chronauten-Anwärter. You/they are 
received by Morard-Iri, a member of the people of the Rawwen. The Rawwe should 
test the two newcomers on the qualification to the Chronauten and should be 
easily distrustful, since he/it doesn't know the Tolot and Gucky from the 
galaxy Puydor comes. 

In the course of the first conversation, the two Galaktikers learn a few 
fragmentary details about a mysterious people Puydors, that Gotschaken. With 
his/its Parafähigkeitens, Gucky can prevent an attack on the Chronauten Rakka 
Kossa. Rakka Kossa, a very successful Chronaut belongs to the people of the 
Shuuken. Through Guckys rescue-action, the Galaktikers attain the prestige and 
goodwill Rakka Kossas. As the Chronaut dies through effect of a time-field on 
Curayo however, the two Galaktikers are involved into the intrigues between the 
host of the Orbitalstationen and are left KHANORINKOPATH. The two Galaktikers, 
that the material is Tronium-Azint nothing other than Howalgonium, find out. 
You/they learn something about the circumstances on the planet and over Torric, 
the man of the times, furthermore before which is afraid all Chronauten. , To 
can execute in order to free her/its/their job of Jii' Nevever, they fly a 
time-plunger to the Planetenoberfläche on board. Shortly before the landing the 
time-plunger of unknown is shot down and falls the surface contrary to. 

After the shooting down over Curayo, Tolot, Guckies and the remaining 
crewmembers of the time-plunger recover themselves on the surface of the 
planet. The damaged time-plunger is surrounded by a horde of desperate natures, 
that marks itself as " timeless ". Her/its/their leader is a certain 
Jengtschek, a Rawwe of that however unites hardly noticeable contrasts to the 
representatives of his/its people shows. 

The timeless are altogether failed existences, that have stranded on the search 
after Tronium-Azint on Curayo someday. Her/its/their goal is to be gotten the 
hand on the time-plunger to leave about Curayo schnellstmöglich. One of the 
timeless is Kalmat, a Rawwe with exceptional abilities. Kalmat can see " the 
different, hiking time-fields " - he/it is a Zeitspürer. Kalmat stands in 
mentaler connection with a person by the name of " Yat ". Yat gives Kalmat the 
instruction to destroy the time-plunger and to contravene Jengtscheks against 
the instructions of his/its leader consequently unequivocally. 

As Gucky, Tolots and the Chronauten retreat because of the superior strength of 
the timeless, Kalmat of the time-plunger sneaks on board and ignites a bomb. 
Gucky can save the Rawwen in the last moment through a Teleportation from the 
exploding wreck. Kalmat attracts the fury and the hate of the timeless with 
this action to itself that with it to pursue the stranded Chronautens begins. 
It was Kalmats wish originally to find the death through the explosion itself 
about into a " other world " to überwechseln, however now he/it is in the 
captivity of the stranded Chronauten. The remaining crewmembers are Kalmats 
hardly more kindly oriented as the timeless and more than once must prevent 
Gucky and Tolot forcible encroachment. Yat, that mysterious, mentale voice 
reports renewed to Kalmat and asks the Rawwen to lead Gucky, Tolot and the 
remaining Chronautens into a frost-time-field. 

The renewed collision occurs with the timeless and it, Gucky succeeds to 
receive also Jengtschek into his/its force this time. Kalmat, the obviously 
deep anxiety, to have before Jengtschek, seems gives itself very sensitively 
and falls like already after the Teleportation with Gucky in unconsciousness. 
The Rawwen in Gucky and Tolots company claims the Jengtschek no Rawwe separates 
a Gotschake is. The group begins her/its/their way through the time-fields 
carefully. More than once gives Kalmat helpful hints the dangerous time-fields 
to escape. Tolot that the information Kalmats with his/its plan-brain, to 
protect his/its remainder about the Chronauten from damage, calculates does. 
Jengtschek begins to change meanwhile slowly. He/it loses the reptilienhafte 
look little by little and resists Guckys try his/its thoughts to espern 
permanently. 

The group comes into the immediate proximity of the dangerous time-fields 
several times and becomes stuff of incomprehensible processes. Jengtschek 
becomes a Ilt more and more similarly meanwhile. The Gotschake strives 
apparently to imitate at Guckys bodies. As the group approaches an area " of 
tired time ", the Gotschake of Chronauten becomes through a knife badly 
injures. Before his/its aggressor fleeing, the casualty jumps into a time-field 
" of tired time " and solidifies. As the timeless itself renews brings closer 
and the Chronautens of two time-fields are locked up, Gucky pounces on blindly 
new coordinates. He/it brings is named all members of the group at a place of 
the " Gonuro " little by little. Gonuro borders is named on a country the " 
Kinoara " directly, that area in him/it supposedly Torric, that man of the 
times should prevail. The unexpected happens afterall. 

A time-plunger manned with robots lands near the Chronauten. Gerro Avva, the 
original leader of the Chronauten, forces Tolot through the threat of the 
fight-robots into stripping his/its fight-suit. Gucky cannot prevent to 
endanger without his/its friend. The Chronaut has custody-freights installed at 
Tolots bodies, that detonate with the smallest movement. He/it tries to force 
Gucky into it to jump into a field with turbo-time in order to rescue 
Tronium-Azint crystals known from there. Nothing other attacked the Shuuke 
Gucky to take Kalmat and two robots with his/its jump furthermore and remained 
the Ilt as, to agree. The mentale voice " of Yats " gives Kalmat the command to 
use the situation finally to conduct about Gucky into a frost-time-field and to 
turn off so. Kalmat disregards the mentalen impulses however and assures the 
Ilt, that he/it would not like to lure him/it into a trap. 

Gucky jumps into a turbo-time-field twice and brings the demanded Tronium-Azint 
with each jump. Leg second jump asks Kalmat Gucky for his/its freedom. The Ilt 
has Kalmat granted. As Kalmat wants to collect, he/it is met with the 
mysterious Yat. Yat looks like a Rawwe and opens Kalmat, that Torric, the man 
of the times Gucky and Tolot still wants to turn off. As Gucky materializes 
after a renewed jump into the turbo-time-field at another place on purpose, 
espert he/it suddenly the thought-scraps of a Ilts. Confuse notices the 
presence Kalmats, that faces him/it suddenly, he/it too late. As he/it 
approaches a resolved step the Rawwen, he/it notices too late, that he/it has 
forced an entry extreme of tired time " into a field ". Gucky has gone Kalmat 
into the trap afterall. 

Kalmat, that has Zeitspürer, the Ilt into the field lured and filled the job 
Yat's consequently afterall. Yat, a Rawwe of that by the order of Torrics 
deals, Kalmat kills after fulfillment of his/its job in cold blood. The Ilt is 
paralyzed in the frost-time-field and can free itself no longer independently. 
Since the field hikes no longer, the odd ever escape the Gucky from the 
frost-field very low again. In this desperate situation appears to the Ilt of 
the Zeitgänger Norer. The nebulous nature lifts contact with the Ilt and learns 
about his/its desperate situation. 

Gucky succeeds in threading itself/themselves thanks to his/its Parapotentials 
with Norer into a time-track together and to escape the frost-time-field so. 
Gucky becomes witness of different events of the past on his/its way through 
the time. He/it also observes, how the Nonggos shoot a strange " time-torpedo " 
on Curayo 10000 years ago. With help Norers can come back Gucky into his/its 
relatively-present and sees itself, as he/it is caught in the frost-time-field. 
The Ilt, his thought-impulses he/it had before admission into the frost-field 
of geespert shortly, had been he/it itself. 

As Gucky wants to hurry his/its friend Icho Tolot to the help, the former 
Chronautens of regular soldiers are surrounded Torrics. As Gucky and Tolots are 
finally met with Torric, they experience a surprise. Torric, the man of the 
times is nobody other than Michael Rhodan. Michael Rhodan and Julian Tifflor 
catch unawares become Fornax of unknown also like Gucky and Tolot in the 
small-galaxy. The climate with the reunion is coolly and outdistances. Michael 
Rhodan, since over 200 years on Curayo active, has changed. He/it has become 
hard and merciless. As also Gucky and Tolot has been conditioned Michael and 
Tifflor to free Jii'Nevever for the job from her/its/their prison. Arrived on 
Curayo, the two Terraners are separated by the hiking time-fields and are lost 
from the eyes. 

Michael Rhodan, henceforth Torric the man of the times, holds on to his/its job 
and pursues his/its goal with unmerciful hardness. As Torric, Michael Rhodan 
fights against the Chronauten that Tronium-Azint of Curayo constantly urgently 
dismisses. Michael Rhodan is convinced is instructed of it, that is named 
them/her/it Jii' Nevever also the Tronium-Azint queen, on the crystals. He/it 
under all circumstances, that the 5-dimensional beaming crystals of Curayo are 
carried away, wants to prevent. As also Gucky and Tolot owns Michael Rhodan an 
info-box. The fragment goes with the two parts of Gucky and Tolot, has linked 
not itself with them however. Another last fragment, that is in the property 
Tifflors, is missing obviously. 

Julian Tifflor is like Gucky, Tolot and Michael Rhodan under mysterious 
circumstances from Fornax after Puydor been moved. Also Tiff senses the urgent, 
mentalen command, to free Jii'Nevever from her/its/their prison on Curayo. All 
4 immortals in the property of an info-box, whom Jii'Nevever should provide 
after the liberation with important information, are. The info-boxes like a 3 
dimensional puzzle, their parts fit in one another, work however even with 
biggest exertion cannot be linked. Immediately after the landing on Curayo is 
separated Rhodan Tifflor and Michael by an attack stranded Chronauten, 
so-called timeless. Both get with it into different time-fields and lose from 
the eyes. Tifflor is also met has with the escape before the timeless on the 
Shuuken Raggo Sovv of that over an info-box. 

Also the Shuuke, formerly a mighty legion-leader of a Orbitalstation Curayos, 
is on the search after Jii'Nevever. As Raggo Sovv of timeless is killed, Tiff 
takes them/her/it info box. Already purely externally, the box differs Sovvs of 
his/its own in another design. As Tiff finally goes that him/it still pursuing 
timeless into the trap, Gucky appears in the last moment and brings Tiff 
through a Teleportation in security. The 4 immortals are united again. 51 
real-years are since him/it, Michael Rhodans and Tifflors vanish passed from 
Fornax, almost 200 relatively-years prevail it for Michael Rhodan in those 
he/it as Torric. The 4 discuss and close that her/its/their unknown client 
engaged Chronauten from Puydor with the liberation Jii'Nevevers originally. The 
info-box speaks the Raggo Sovv in behalf of it with itself, that to no one in 
the property of the immortal led and fit. 

Only as this attempt failed, the unknown client decided Tiff and Michael to 
start Rhodan. As even these denied and into the time-fields of Curayos got, 
he/it apparently recruited Gucky and Tolot. As Tiff the suggestion, to examine 
the fifth info-box more exactly, presents to get about maybe nearer hints on 
the unknown client, Michael Rhodan loses the mastery. Clearly, Mike's character 
change, that has developed through his/its activity as Torric, steps forward. 
Tolot must keep away Mike with mild force of it to pounce on Tiff. Tolot 
succeeds with the help Guckys in opening the info-box of the Shuuken, however 
the enthaltenen information " unloads " themselves explosion-like and has 
appraised itself. With the time-plungers Torrics, the 4 immortals start a field 
of " paradox-time " to an island over her/it lies. About this place, the 
alleged prison cares Jii'Nevevers. On the way through the time-fields, 2 of the 
time-plungers have an accident with Torrics followers. Is again to be noticed, 
the Michael Rhodan itself has changed. 

The fate of his/its subordinate doesn't interest him/it in the least. As 
Michael Rhodan directs the Danton I into the field of the paradox-time, strange 
phenomenons occur. A mirror-wrong image of the Danton I comes off from the 
time-plunger of the immortal and falls. Tolot responds in a flash and leaves 
with Michael Rhodan, Gucky and Tiff the Danton I, that follows the fate of 
her/its/their time-twin on it shortly. The 4 immortals become leaves the 
time-plunger separate after him/it and does her/its/their first experiences in 
the strange surroundings of the paradox-time. Gucky is located in a 
robot-factory in her/it a schizophrenic cycle again runs. Robots are installed 
in order finally to be dismantled again. This process recurs continuously. 
Gucky receives telepathic impulses that him/it to unite with Jii'Nevever and to 
dream together wants to lure. Everywhere, the mouse-beaver finds structures 
from Tronium-Azint. 

Gucky is met with his/its own time-twin and is observed the mentalen call 
Jii'Nevevers like his/its duplicate gives in. Tries desperately to escape the 
Ilt of this place, however he/it is bound on an uncanny type at his/its twin. 
Also the other immortals partially do skurrile experiences with the 
paradox-time, at which a human mind can shatter. As Tolot meets like before 
Gucky with his/its time-twin, the Haluter begins to think about Jii'Nevever and 
her/its/their mentalen programs. Tolot recognizes that the dreamer of Puydor is 
a negative, destructive power. The Haluter revises his/its plan to defuse the 
time-torpedo of the Nonggo which for the time-fields on Curayo responsible is. 
However Michael Rhodan gets in first the Haluters and deactivates the weapon of 
the Nonggo. 

The time-fields vanish suddenly and Jii'Nevever awakens. The 4 info-fighting of 
the immortal can be linked suddenly and can be coalesced to an unit. A message 
of Shabazzas, that asks for Jii'Nevever, is played to steer her/its/their power 
on a certain galaxy and to work in the sense of Shabazzas and his/its client 
so. Shabazza threatens the dreamer to activate the time-prison again, case 
she/it his/its wish should not follow. However Jii'Nevever opposes the 
condition Shabazzas and reaches with her/its/their nightmares for the 4 
immortals..... 

Salmenghest: The Galaktiker that on board the Nonggo ship KAURRANG to the 
Wirlpool-Galaxis broken open and had stranded in the smaller either Galaxien, 
has escaped the kettle-vibration in the Quar-System only barely. On board the 
GLIMMER, the ship of Eismer Störmengord - a vibration-researcher from the 
galaxy DaGlausch - observes her/it/them, as that is destroyed Quar-System of 
the forces of the kettle-vibration. One exposes also the GLIMMERS to the forces 
and pays for damage of it. The linear-drive is damaged and works irregular. The 
only place in the near vicinity at him/it the GLIMMERS could be repaired the 
Propter-System is, 8,9 light-years of the Quar-System removes. 

Eismer Störmengord is grateful for the rescue through the Galaktiker 
admitteldly, however little over her/its/their presence on his/its ship 
pleases. He/it offers Rhodan for the rescue of his/its life a wish to the 
fulfillment, with the reservation, to part after it with the uninvited guests 
again quickly. As the Propter-System reaches the GLIMMERS, develops exactly a 
tragedy. The few, before the catastrophe escaped Setchenen, have arrived in the 
Propter-System and with her/its/their energy reserves in the end. The partially 
strongly obsolete ships cannot be more-flown from own strength and must do on 
the planet of the Propteren an emergency landing. Water -, breath-air - and 
energy-lack leaves to ignore Om Verhaybb, commander of the fleet, no election 
as the refusing radio-reputations of the Propteren. 

The mentality of the inhabitants of the Propter-Systems, Kiemenatmer and 
water-inhabitants, is shaped strongly by an attack of the Dscherros. The 
Propter-System resembles a staring fortress with area-forts and 
Verteitigungsanlagen that for it, that a cast and looting took place like 
she/it many years ago through the Dscherro, plainly never speaks without 
resistance again will be accepted. In consequence of this experience, the 
Propterens have retreated and tolerate no more foreign invaders in 
her/its/their system. Only the essential trade with her/its/their designed and 
built spaceships, the Propteren has still stepped with other people in contact. 

As the Setchenens appear in the Propter-System, this trauma breaks through 
again and Zuunimalkhahen, the source-prince of the Propteren has the fire 
opened on the defenseless ships. The Galaktiker, all in front Perry Rhodan it 
must determine speechless that the vibration-researcher Eismer Störmengord 
introduces no actions in order to finish the pointless dying. The 
vibration-researcher seems to the survival-fight of the Setchenen almost 
indifferently opposite, to stand. Shortly decided withdraws Rhodan the 
vibration-researcher the control over the GLIMMERS and puts down the ship 
protective before the association of the Setchenen. The high respect of the 
people Salmenghests before the vibration-researchers is to be owed, that 
Zuunimalkhahen has the fire put in. As Rhodan makes this circumstance for 
itself for more negotiations too useful, he/it even can reaches that the 
weakened fleet of the Setchenen on the home-world of the Propteren may do an 
emergency landing. Zuunimalkhahen, that lives through exactly even a 
family-drama with the forthcoming death of his/its single Nachkommens, remains 
hard however. 

The place him/it the source-prince the Setchenen to the landing instructs, an 
icy rock is in the Eismeer. Although rescued before the death for the moment, 
the Setchenens recover themselves in a Lebensfeindlichen surroundings. Cold, 
hunger makes itself broadly and demands her/its/their victims. The Galaktikers 
have left the GLIMMERS in the meantime and have tried to help the suffering 
Setchenen. Eismer Störmengord, that is immediately started on it to an 
area-dock of the Propteren, reports own-mighty action to Zuunimalkhahen Rhodans 
and extends consequently from the responsibility. The vibration-researcher is 
procured mainly therefore that the everywhere recognized neutrality of the 
vibration-researcher-guild takes damage. This fear even stands over Eismer 
Störmengords consciences, that tell him/it maybe, to help the Setchenen. As the 
conditions on the cold Eismeerinsel become worse, Rhodan undertakes a last 
intercession-attempt with Mondra Diamond. 

As Zuunimalkhahen doesn't answer Rhodans urgent telephone calls, the Terraner 
collapses with Mondra Diamond to the underwater-residence of the source-prince 
on. The reason for the silence of the source-prince is the approaching death 
for his/its " prince " and single descendants. As the young Proptere finally 
dies, Rhodan and Mondra arrives Diamond exactly in the protection of 
her/its/their suits in the underwater-city of the Propteren. Rhodan and Mondras 
meet with the source-prince and " abduct " him/it to the shakedown of the 
Setchenen in order to confront him/it with the true misery of the 
lizard-natures. 

The sight over the conditions on the Eismeerinsel, erschauerns leave the 
source-princes admitteldly, but breaks not with his/its fundamental attitude. 
Only as the Setchenenkommandantin Om Verhaybb asks full of despair for help for 
itself and her/its/their unborn offspring, the stiff stand breaks 
Zuunimalkhahens open. Exactly even the loss of his/its Nachkommens enduring, 
he/it recognizes the neediness of the Setchenen. After Rhodan has certainly 
brought back the source-prince to his/its underwater-residence, the Propterens 
start first support-actions for the needy Setchenens. Now has the Galaktiker 
time to take care of her/its/their own issues. Rhodan calls Eismer Störmengord 
and reminds him/it of the promised " wish " him/it he/it to fill promised. As 
the Terraner the vibration-researcher asks him/it to bring him/it after taken 
place repair of the GLIMMERS after DaGlausch, this agrees. 

While Eismer Störmengords yacht is waited GLIMMER in the docks of the 
Propter-Systems, the vibration-researcher tells the Galaktikerns his/its 
life-story: 

Eismer Störmengord, born DaGlausch on the home planet of the more golden in the 
galaxy, sickens as cubs at the feared center-illness. Eismers father, the 
prefect of the golden planet, sends his/its son to the treatment in the 6 
light-year, Vrouber-System removed, where one can the illness couriers. Since 
is the flight-passage and treatment very expensive, Eismers family remains 
behind on the golden planet. The prefect gives his/its black coat to Eismer on 
the way, that should remind him/it during the separation-time of his/its 
family, however. Under the treatment of the Vroubers Bomicu Mes Gebertan, the 
young Eismer makes advances quickly. Eismer learns to know Janthos, a mercenary 
from the humanoiden people of the Pronlongiden. 

As Eismer stands in front of the dismissal shortly, he/it experiences 
them/her/it for the home-system of the more golden through a radio-telephone 
call of his/its father of the vibration-warning was pronounced. Shortly on it, 
the system of the more golden falls is destroyed in the vibration-custody and 
the golden planet. The bulk of the more golden loses the life, so also Eismers 
family, with it. Eismer has turned into the orphan. The Vrouber Bomicu Mes of 
Gebertan assumes itself the education Eismers and adopts him/it. He/it educates 
the new more golden in the sciences, with which out-crystallizes more and more, 
intensively that Eismer is interested particularly in the interplay of the two 
Galaxien DaGlausch and Salmenghest. Eismer studies the so-called kettle in 
detail, an energetically high-active zone between the two Galaxien and jointly 
responsible for the kettle-vibrations. Eismer almost the decision, to become 
vibration-researchers, must learn however quickly, that the guild after strict 
selection-criterions lifts only the best applicants. 

Eismer decides to leave the Vrouber-System to lose its destination near. From 
money-lack sneaks the more golden than on board blind person passenger of a 
cruise ship, is discovered on it however shortly and is condemned to the 
imposition on board. Performs his/its criminal-service the more golden almost 
one year in the machine-evacuating of the ship, then there is a new unexpected 
turn. The cruise ship is attacked by pirates and is boarded. Natures of the 
same people like Eismers former friend Janthos, storms the cruise ship, steals 
all merchandise and executes all crewmembers. Eismer only escapes the death, 
because he/it speaks the language of the Pronlongiden. 

The pirates spare the new more golden and expose Seemerg to Eismer on the 
planet, 1201 light-years of his/its start-point of the clinic-world Jembers 
removes. Störmengord first remains on Seemerg, since he/it lacks the necessary 
money for a passage to another world and finds an employment in a 
research-laboratory. 2 years, Eismer works in the research, before he/it finds 
a new employment in the Tampa-Kosortium. As he/it has saved enough money to pay 
about a passage after Zophengorn, that now leaves 21 year old Goldner Seemergs. 
Zophengorn, the headquarters of the vibration-researchers is attainable only 
over the so-called Gornischen ferries. As Eismer over several inter-stops 
finally reaches Zophengorn, he/it was already submitted to different 
examinations to notice without it. Zophengorn is not like expects a planet 
separates a ring of area-stations, that orbits a brown dwarf. 

The Goldner is put down on the so-called " Rekrutenstadt ". 3 long years, 
Eismer is educated in sciences and only after conclusion of this period the 
Goldner is accepted into the community of Zophengorn. As Eismer finally gets 
the " Forscherweihe ", is remaining only approximately one third of the 
original candidates. The more golden, his/its ship, the GLIMMERS, gets on it 
soon. Eismer begins with his/its activity and confronts with the consequences 
of his/its vibration-warnings and the vibrations themselves very frequently. 
Over the time, the young vibration-researcher learns to live with the misery 
and to organize his/its goals on the ultimate goal to understand the entire 
mechanism of the kettle-vibrations and to rescue the galaxy consequently. Now 
and then turns to discuss Eismer after Zophengorn about his/its 
research-results back or to study simulations in the planetarium. 

To his/its big surprise, he/it is met one day with the stay in the planetarium 
with Bomicu Mes Gebertan, his/its old teacher from the system of the Vrouber. 
The reunion proceeds coolly and outdistances Bomicu Mes Gebertan then, Eismer 
envies to become a vibration-researcher about the achievement of his/its goal. 
He/it reminds is brought the more golden of it, that he/it owes him/it a favor 
and would like, from Eismer into the Lamuu-System, his central-star represents 
a HV-Sonne. There, strange birds, for who are called Niveau-Teleporter ", 
should exist on the only planet. These animals can change from an energy level 
to another and could survive the energetically permanent " vibration-custody " 
of the HV-Sternes so. 

Only one being with enormous mental capacity or par-abnormal talent can catch 
such a bird in which affiliates the animal the superior mental potential itself 
and not on another energy level teleportiert. Bomicu Mes Gebertanses 
reservations are unambiguous. He/it would like to come back with a caught bird 
after Zophengorn and would like to prove his/its mental superiority in order to 
be accepted into the board of directors of the vibration-researcher-guild - 
however the attempt fails. Bomicu Mes Gebertan has an accident with the attempt 
and falls into a canyon. Eismer Störmengord leaves the place of the event and 
tries to find the way on his/its type into the board of directors. He/it must 
become a vibration-veteran and must survive a vibration-custody. As he/it 
shouts out the vibration-warning for the Quar-System, he/it sees his/its odd 
and lands on Quarantimo. In last minute, he/it is rescued by the Galaktikerns, 
that collect with the GLIMMER from the exploding Quar-System. 

Retrospective view: 4.Oktober 1289 NGZS, planet Thorrim. " The Dscherros come 
"! A realization, that fills much Thorrimer with fear. As lands in the October 
1289 of the Dscherrostamm about Takka Poulones with the castle GOUSHARAN on the 
planet of the Thorrimer, the Dscherros immediately begin with her/its/their 
feared looting. You/they rob the peaceful Thorrimers all of her/its/their 
technical appliances and manage her/it/them into her/its/their castle. 
Encroached occur against the civilian clothes-population admitteldly, however 
takes holding back of the Thorrimer from the Dscherros all wind from the sails 
and muffles the aggressions of the horned. So, the Thorrimers must lament only 
few losses in the first days. Big parts the population of Thorrims have 
retreated after arrival of the Dscherro into the subterranean Kavernens of 
her/its/their people shortly to which the Dscherros find no access. 

Also the king of the Thorrimer, Corn Markee, escapes and appoints the 
city-holder Jar macro-sea in order to take on the administration-businesses. 
Macro-sea handles the circumstances the Dscherro invasion accordingly 
skillfully and prevents the worst. Before escalations occur, he/it hands over 
all demanded goods to the Dscherros and prevents so that a catastrophe closes 
in over the planet of the Thorrimer. The situation becomes worse, as a gigantic 
object in the Thorrtimer-System appears and with puzzling activities begins. 
What the Dscherros mark with " Heliotisches bulwark ", effects the Thorrimer 
dangerous. As seems to get the Heliotische bulwark besides control, all ships 
of the Dscherro start and encircle the bulwark. The Dscherros believe in a 
betrayal of the " Ungehörnten ", that is identical with SHABAZZA. SHABAZZA 
pointed out the Dscherros the way to the Thorrtimer-System and promised Takka 
Poulones unequaled riches on his/its robbery-train. As the bulwark begins the 
surface of the planet of Thorrim unchecked to scan, the Dscherros call back all 
vehicles into the castle. Only Bortusch, the leader of a small fight-troop, 
remains behind with his/its Schourcht. 

Several things happen simultaneously. About the Dscherro castle, an 
insipid-barrier originates and moves GOUSHARAN after Terra, then the 
Heliotische bulwark explodes. The Dscherro ships, which have locked up the 
bulwark, are torn by the explosion into the downfall. Instead of from GOUSHARAN 
now stands an insipid-barrier in the landscape and Bortusch realizes that 
his/its troop represents the last contingent of the Dscherro on Thorrim. Within 
the insipid-barrier, Alashan is, a district Terranias that by force at this 
place was moved. A big Areal about the TLD-Tower now stands to the bewilderment 
of the terranischen population on a foreign planet. Gia de Moleon begins 
immediately to muffle the chaos and to organize the moved district. 

With after Thorrim was moved also Alaska Saedelaere and the Arkonide Benjameen 
of Jacinta. As the two start to a first reconnaissance-attempt, her/its/their 
glider of Bortusch is shot down. Alaska Saedelaere and Bejameen get into the 
force of the furious Dscherro and carry off. As Gia de Moleon starts with the 
20 available Space-Jetses of the TLD tower to seek about Alaska Saedelaere and 
the Arkoniden, the first contact occurs after the discovery of the completed 
glider with the Thorrimerns. Gestures, idioms as well as different look of the 
Terraner lead initially to irritations and misunderstandings, can be moderated 
by the Translatoren however. It is fear to be comprehended heavily for the 
Terraner like a population of 23 million Thorrimers, that lives in the capital 
Zortengaam alone, itself before only 5 Dscherros. Gia de Moleon doesn't 
recognize that she/it respecting the Dscherro with the Thorrimerns can 
calculate. 

Alaska Saedelaere is interrogated by Bortusch under cudgels meanwhile. The 
aggressive stand of Alaska impresses the Dscherro and he/it decides not to kill 
his/its two hostages for the moment. Within the Dscherro group, rivalries and 
Bortusch occur kills an insubordinate Dscherro from his/its group. As the 
Thorrimers move with technical support of the Terraner near, Bortusch starts 
and escapes the natives. The condition of the young Arkonioden Benjameen of 
Jacinta is critical. The injuries of the Arkoniden admit worse than Alaska 
Benjameen. The inquiry of Alaska after medical treatment is refused by the 
Dscherros laughing. During a short inattentiveness of the Dscherro, Alaska 
activates the ground-radar of the vehicle and enables the pursuing Space-Jetses 
to locate the vehicle of the Dscherro. The Dscherros can overpower and free 
Alaska and Benjameen. Snifter time later appears a foreign ship, the 
identification after a Dscherro Raumer, in the Thorrtimer-System, locates and 
leaves the system again. Even if GOUSHARANS and the last Dscherros of Thorrim 
have vanished, must still be reckoned with the horned. 

Mandreko Tars, with the district Alashan after Thorrim moves, a thief is. It is 
his/its specialty to mix itself/themselves under the people, without which they 
perceive him/it or take note of him/it. The camouflage and adaptation Tars is 
so perfect that he/it can sneak without attracting attention into the 
king-palace of Thorrim and doesn't attract the Hofstaat. Tars carries off two 
valuable brilliant, which form the eyes of a statue. The eyes of the queen 
Thaylee. Tars can escape with his/its loot and at the yard of the king, big 
excitement prevails as one the loss soon notices. 

Since the Thorrimers would never steal because of her/its/their exceptional 
mentality, there are also no protection-installations in the palace. Jar 
macro-sea, the city-holder of the king, informs Gia De Moleon of the theft and 
hands over the TLD boss furthermore astronomic data, that enable it the 
Terranerns, the location Thorrims and the galaxy to decide DaGlausch precisely. 
The Terraners begin to make itself/themselves for worries about a new Dscherro 
attack furthermore. The lately located scout-ship has closed on a second horde, 
that will invade the Thorrtimer-System in a short time. Before all Alaska 
Saedelaere, thoughts do themselves over a possible Verteitigungsstrategie. 

As Mandrenko Tars admires exactly his/its carried off Diebesgut, a reputation 
of the TLD Cheffin reaches him/it. He/it feels already transfer his/its theft, 
as Gia De Moleon reveals him/it to want to start his/its particular abilities 
with the reconnaissance of the Dscherro Raumer driving in the universe. Circa 
55 of the spherical ships drive since the explosion of the Heliotischen bulwark 
in the Orbit of Thorrim.  As led break-in-specialist should crack Tars the 
Sperrvorrichtungen of the ships in the Syntronik and should enable the 
Terranerns to penetrate into the Dscherro Raumer. Tars agrees. 

Benjameen of Jacinta, that still suffers from the aftereffects of his/its 
injuries, begins to dream. The dream-dancer sees move into the face of a 
murderous Dscherros of that in the palace of the Thorrimer king Corn Markee. 
Benjameen realizes has latched that he/it itself into the dreams of the king. 
He/it feels the big fear of the sovereign. Meanwhile, the examinations of the 
Dscherro Raumer progress in the Orbit of Thorrim. Again, a scout-ship of 
another Dscherro-Klans appears. The situation becomes worse, as a Taka Hossos 
reports and requires radio-contact with Taka Poulones. Since nobody can answer 
the telephone call of Hossos, the Dscherro becomes furious. He/it retreats with 
his/its ship from the Thorrtimer-System for the time being admitteldly, demands 
explanations for the silence of Takka Poulones with his/its next return 
however. Tossos doesn't know of course that the Dscherros were moved with the 
Faktorenelement after Terra and all personnels of the Dscherro Raumer found the 
death with the explosion of the Heliotischen bulwark. 

A period of approximately 3 weeks remains the Terranerns. As the Terraners with 
the help of Mandreko Tars have opened finished 55 Dscherro Raumers and have 
taken in property, almost Alaska the plan, to man her/it/them with Thorrimer, 
to oppose the Dscherro about itself. The Thorrimers refuse and don't want to 
fight. Alaska asks for an audience with king and rejects anew. King Markee has 
himself/itself too all him/it put and is in a secret hiding place. Benjameen of 
Jacinta begins to look on Alaska's request for the hiding place of the king. 
Since he/it has experienced parts of his/its dreams, tries to find Benjameen 
the residence of the king on the basis of the dream-information. Meanwhile, 
Mandreko Tars of the theft of the royal brilliant is transferred. Alaska 
attacked to return Tars the valuable stones at the Thorrimer and to try to win 
support so. 

Tars sneaks into the palace unseen and finally into the chambers of the king 
and returns the brilliant. Furthermore, he/it hands over the king healing herbs 
from the loot-property one of the Dscherro Raumer. The skin-sick king requires 
the particular herbs to the convalescence. From gratitude, the king Alaskas 
Plan supports to man the Dscherro ships driving in the Orbit and 
skirmish-jam-resembled to do. 180000 Thorrimers sign on on bidding of the king 
to the support of the Terraner. As 38 Dscherro Raumers of the Taka Hossos 
appear after the applied period in the system, the 55 has man ships position 
with Thorrimern newly covered. Through skillful Taktieren and bluffing, the 
Terraners reach that the Dscherro horde the system again leaves. Once again, a 
catastrophe was turned away Terranias for the Thorrimer and the stranded 
district. 

8. November 1289 NGZS, Thorrim,: The drilling question turns into certainty. 
There will be no fast and simple return after Terra for the stranded district. 
The insipid-barrier about Alashan loses consistency visibly and finally 
vanishes completely. It gives nothing more, which the Terraner of the 
Thorrimerns separates and comes so, it to first meetings of both races. 
Characteristically, it is the children, who knot the first contact. Earth and 
China, that seeks her/its/their missed Dackel in the capital of the Thorrimer, 
closes friendship with the young Thorrimerns quickly. Gia de Moleon has quite 
other problems, she/it must now organize him/it on itself alone put district. , 
In order to recall the Terranern, that one from now at his/its skills into the 
own hands must take, the TLD-Chefin shouts out the nation Alashan. She/it must 
negotiate fundamental things like food-preparation and water supply with the 
Thorrimerns and must assume the task of the Systemverteitigung for the 
Terraner. 

, In order to obtain the necessary resources, but, to manage before all things 
about the technical prerequisites for an effective Systemverteitigung, the 
Terraners must enter the trade with other people from DaGlausch. The Thorrimers 
have not much to offer relating to this and so it is unabläßlich, that decrees 
the Terraner over a Überlichtschnelles spaceship, with which they can approach 
other systems. An inventory of the existing ships lets hope arise little. Only 
3 ancient, already to the Verschrottung stopped ships was moved with Alashan 
after Thorrim together. only the GEISHA, an old Kugelraumer with 120 meters of 
diameters, could be done smoothly with the existing methods again. Furthermore, 
it is to be appointed an action-capable administration important for Alashan. 

Gia de Moleon calls the Terraner to choose a mayor and tries to win Alaska 
Saedelaere for the office. The Aktivatorträger refuses however. Differently 
Stendal Navajo, a former TLD agent of that because of differences to the 
politics of Gia de Moleon his/its service signed. Navajo, that with his/its 
showy appearance - he/it carries a high cylinder - for the new mayor-office 
runs, a clear cancellation gives all hopes to come back with an even built 
fleet to the Milky way. He/it proclaims a more realistic future, in which 
arranges itself the Terraner with the neighbors in DaGlausch and dares a 
Neuanfang on Thorrim. Meanwhile, the repairs of the GEISHA are successful. 

In contact at last crises, the GEISHA is renamed III in GOOD HOPE. Stendal 
Navajo, that fights for a good contact with the Thorrimerns from the beginning, 
wins the election to the mayor of Alashan. He/it beläßt Gia de Moleon in the 
office and arranges itself despite former differences with the TLD-Chefin. 
Jedder Colusha, a computer-specialist, that has forth-done itself with 
different events with the communication with the Thorrimerns very positively, 
is put in by Stendal Navajo as official Thorrimer Beauftragter. At the 10. 
February 1290 NGZS starts the GOOD HOPE III to her/its/their first 
spinster-flight to the 11 light-year distant free trade-system Kristan. The 
young Arkonide Benjameen of Jacinta also belongs to the personnel. Only Alaska 
Saedelaere follows a strange notion and remains behind on Thorrim. An inner 
intuition tells him/it that something, that necessitates his/its presence on 
Thorrim, will happen. 

10 Februarys 1290 NGZS: Stendal Navajo, the first freely chosen mayor of the 
new terranischen nation on Thorrim begins to take on the official functions. 
Immediately to beginning, he/it is confronted with a puzzling visitor. A 450 
meters long roll-ship, his construction also the Thorrimerns are not familiar, 
appears suddenly in the Thorrtimer-System. All radio-telephone calls remain 
unanswered. After short Verweildauer in the system, the Walzenraumer approaches 
the Sonne Thorrtimer directly and pounces in. Calculations the trajectory cover 
plainly, the ship has flown into the sun and has not parked in a, to escape 
Orbit about the orientation, sunbathe-draws near. 

The Terraners are helpless. Has the personnel committed suicide? The attention 
of the administration of Alashan is directed toward quite everyday things soon. 
So, the TLD-Syntronik, that is to be classified 5% from the 45% of the opponent 
Stendal Navajo's as potentially force-ready after all, calculates. A slogan 
does the round: First the Terraner! As always in situations where lack exists, 
criminal elements form and try to beat profit from the need. So, soon poached 
meat appears on the black market in Alashan that is offered to horrenden praise 
and comes from the animals of the north. Jedder Colusha, the official Thorrimer 
Beauftragte has an idea the two people in the meantime to bring each other 
near. Jedder plans a music-concert of the popular group INTERKOSMO. As he/it 
looks for the group and presents his/its suggestion, he/it comes upon positive 
resonance. Ambitiously, he/it pursues to put his/its project into the action 
therefore. 

Also Gia de Moleon works on projects for the common future of both people. The 
TLD-Chefin has a certificate produced, whether one of the two remaining, paid 
off Handelsraumer, that still stands on the country-field of the LFT 
area-harbor, causes at least one through cannibalizing through the parts of the 
other airworthy again can be done. The technical committee decides in favor of 
the ALVAREZ, a former trading ship. The SHUMAN can consequently finally be 
copied. Furthermore, Gia proposes 4 depth-hangars, named hangar A,B,C and D, 
that dug with Desintegratoren into the soil and should be sealed with 
thermo-emitters. The TLD-Chefin already thinks of the accommodation of the 
first ships of the new area-fleet. 

Stendal Navajo sees him/it about itself grasping black market for poached meat 
with displeasure meanwhile. The mayor fears negative effects on the forthcoming 
contract-negotiations with the Thorrimerns. Emphatically, he/it asks Gia de 
Moleon, the criminals, to put the craft. Alaska Saedelaere seems removes from 
all the events strangely. He/it is notably uninterested and seems to make 
itself/themselves for thoughts over other things. Gia de Moleon notices the 
strange behavior of Alaska several times, can make itself no rhyme on it 
however. The first culture-exchange in form of a concert finally takes place 
and experiences big observation with the Thorrimerns. Even king Corn Markee 
doesn't leave it take itself to visit the concert of INTERKOSMO. 

A crucial step for the consolidation of the relationship of both people is done 
with the signature of the first contract with the Thorrimerns. The Terraners 
may now receive meat from the stoves in the north officially. The craft was put 
the poachers already before. Everything seems to develop splendidly, there 
appears the in the sun missing roll-ship again suddenly and heads for Thorrim. 
As it just does over Alashan and hurries Gia de Moleon contrary to the ship, 
she/it meets at Alaska Saedelaere. The immortal seems mentally completely away 
and only explains that it is about a " virtual ship ", that has selected him/it 
as pilots. Alaska goes remove itself the ship on what quickly on board. Gia de 
Moleon can give all-clear for the time being, however over the fate of Alaska 
the Terraners can only speculate. 

While the contacts between the inhabitants of the nation are knotted Alashan 
and the Thorrimerns more narrowly, the GOOD HOPE is III to the 11 light-year on 
the way, trade-planets removed Kristan. The commander of the ship is Kellind, 
an erfahrene TLD-Agentin, fairy. Fairy sets the touch-course for several 
stages, according to that for the natures on Kristan the impression, that would 
come GOOD HOPE III, originates from the center-region of DaGlausch. Fee's job 
is outlined solidly. The TLD-Agentin should knot trade-contacts and the ZZ-89 
Orters as well as to exchange his building plans against a fully automatic 
factory, with whoever one wants to produce vital goods for Alashan. For this 
task, Gia de Moleon of the commander has allotted only approved TLD agents, 
with an exception, Benjameen of Jacinta. 

Benjameen is the GOOD HOPE III more or less by chance on board, because he/it 
wanted to accompany Alaska Saedelaere originally. However as this refuses to go 
on board and ship Thorrim leaves with a virtual, Benjameen remains behind GOOD 
HOPE III alone on board. As the GOOD HOPE of III Kristan reaches, the Terraners 
get a first impression of the trade-world of the Kromsoe-Systems. The planet is 
a warm oxygen-world with a Tagesdurchschnittstemperatur of 19 degree Celsius. 
With night, the temperatures fall in the cut on 12 degrees. The attraction at 
the surface amounts to 1,12g. The nature of the planet is rough despite the 
mild climate. Heavy storms rage over the 6 continents, from which only an in 
restrained zones lies. This continent is named Babosa and is lived in as 
single. 

Kristan is a very bustling place. In the Orbit circles a big number of 
Handelsraumern, that waits on a country-instruction, constantly. Kristan was 
populated by a splinter-group of the Companeii, their following form the 
government of the trade-planet today, originally. The business of the 7 
existing area-harbors is controlled exclusively by Companeii, that finances 
itself this way. Also the trade is regulated according to strict laws. The 
KrisPol, a police-organization of the Companeii watches authoritarian over the 
many commercial representatives and slams, if the existing laws are injured. 
Beside the Companeii, innumerable representatives of other people are still 
active on Kristan. The planet earns the names crucibles rightly. The cities on 
Kristan differ only unimportantly from other big trade-worlds and remind in 
structure and architecture a little at Mount Olympus or Lepso. As the GOOD HOPE 
lands III wait after 3 days on Kristan, the Terraners receive a Notruf of a 
Thorrimers. 

Benjameen of Jacinta tells fairy of a strange dream, in whom the young Arkonide 
has seen raven-similar birds. Benjameen cannot interpret his/its visions 
however and cannot think about it further. As fairy a command, to follow about 
the Notruf, sends out, the Terraners collide with a group Prolongiden, that has 
attacked the trade mission of the Thorrimern in the job of Guarant, the leader 
of a criminal-organization, as she/it itself to hand over her/its/their 
merchandise to the own cost for the first time denied. As fairy comes back to 
the GOOD HOPE of III, the ship is already besieged by Handelswilligen. The 
capability of the ZZ-89 Orterses has already around-spoken itself. Turns out 
quickly, that most offers are either unseriöses or the trade partners doesn't 
decree the necessary methods to realize about the fully automatic factory. A 
public demonstration of the ZZ-89 Orterses, the potential buyer should attract, 
lures also criminal elements. The Terraners are confronted with the laborers of 
Guarant and are involved into the disputes of different other people, that want 
to win the valuable Orter for itself. 

As Guarant the Terraner personally visits fairy recognizes him/it as the leader 
of the Guaranteka almost momentarily. Guarant introduces itself as the last 
representative of the Ketomi, a people that with a kettle-vibration until on 
him/it completely was exterminated. The Ketomi resembles a 80 centimeters high 
tree from the body-form. Guarant carries a small, black bird with itself, that 
like stuffed however nevertheless works lives. Fairy remembers the visions of 
Benjameen. After Guarant proposes the Terranerns a trade and says goodbye, 
there is excitement the GOOD HOPE III on board. Although the ship is guarded, 
the Bewegungsmelders beat alarm repeatedly. The automatic records show the 
verwaschene picture of a small bird. The animal had penetrated the 
field-umbrella easily and had moved through the ship. The bird could not 
penetrate only the HÜ-Schirm, under which the ZZ-89 Orters stored. 

As the Terraners meet with representatives of the Tampa-Konsortiums, another 
trade-organization on Kristan, they learn everything about the nature of the 
bird. The Lamuunis, like the birds become name level Teleporter that itself on 
different energy-never-end can move. Especially strong personalities can a 
Lamuuni to it entails him/it to connect. Guarant possesses this radiation 
obviously and puts in the Lamuuni for his/its purposes. The Terraners finally 
find a dependable trade partner with the Tampa-Konsortium and handle the 
business. Once again the fighters of the Guaranteka attack and try to reach the 
ZZ-89 Orters with force. Benjameen of Jacinta gets with the attack between the 
fronts and hovers in danger. The situation can deal is clarified to the 
Terraner through the resolved however and the GOOD HOPE of III starts the 
return flight after Alashan. 

Curayo, reality,: The time-torpedo of the Nonggo is deactivated admitteldly 
meanwhile that dies away from him/it generated time-fields however only 
hesitant. While some of the time-fields have collapsed, has mixed itself others 
and provides for partially chaotic, physical conditions. It, that the process 
has gotten besides control, is obvious. Completely Curayo is surrounded a 
side-effect of the time-diffusion by a schlierigen cloud-layer, that has hardly 
shone through light to the surface. As Gucky tries to get the bearings in this 
surroundings, he/it first has enormous difficulties. As itself the initial 
Orientierungslosigkeit increasingly improves and fades away the physical 
effects of the relaxed time-torpedo slowly, the 4 immortals meet themselves. 

While Julian Tifflors, Gucky, Tolot and Michael still discuss Rhodan the more 
steps first, Gucky and Tolots decide on it soon to dare a solo run and to 
attack Jii'Nevever directly. As Gucky and Tolots materialize directly before 
Jii'Nevever, the Haluter immediately opens the fire on the essence. As the two 
immortals put in the fire, thinking seems to run out in clearer tracks as 
before. Has Jii'Nevever been atomized under Tolots fires? Soon the two notice 
that they are put underneath a deception. As the dreamer hits back with 
her/its/their arms, there is no resistance. Even Tolot is overpowered into 
split-second and is fallen into deep unconsciousness. As Gucky flees with a 
Teleportersprung to Julian Tifflor and Michael Rhodan, he/it comes also there 
too late. The two Terraners have already fallen asleep and in the ban 
Jii'Nevevers. Begins almost at the same time to reach the dreamer with 
her/its/their abilities for the Orbitalstationens of Curayo. 

Gucky recognizes startled the big reach of her/its/their power. The 
mouse-beaver becomes clear, as the influence works Jii'Nevevers. Omitted the 
dreamer the entire memory-content of a nature in a complex procedure and 
analyzes him/it. Also memory-contents, that are the nature itself accessible no 
longer, belong to it. The contents, that stand in relationship partially to 
each other, are supplemented after it by new information. The dreamer takes the 
experiences and impressions of a whole life consequently and rewrites 
her/it/them for her/its/their own goals so to speak. The so enforced 
manipulation is not verifiable, the least through the concerned themselves, 
because the new histories in the memories of the manipulated are stimmigs and 
appear as a part of the past. The concerned don't believe in the new 
thought-contents, they know her/it/them! Before Gucky can make more thoughts 
for itself over a possible defense, he/it sleeps an and is subject to the 
disastrous influence of the dreamer..... 

Dream-world: Gucky sees itself as general Jii'Nevevers. As commanders of a big 
fleet, he/it takes care of it, that the power of the dreamer widens constantly 
over Puydor. More inert this power is the Tronium-Anzint, in which itself the 
dreamer manifestiert. Once in big quantities on the planet of other people 
unloaded, Jii'Nevever can reach her/it/them with her/its/their strengths. Where 
there is resistance against this measure, the 4 immortals grasp one, that now 
stands as generals in the services Jii'Nevevers. Happens with the people of the 
Zwyrider so, natures that from Nagern has emerged and at big rats reminds. As 
Pahdan-Ba, an emissary of the Zwyrider with Gucky auditions, the Ilt 
immediately smells an ambush. Pahdan-Ba tells about a relic, that his/its 
people has guarded for over 2000 years. 2000 years ago, strangers visited the 
home-world of the Zwyrider after his/its statement and brought them the 
knowledge on the space travel. 

As the strangers said goodbye again, they left a sanctuary that up to the 
present-day day of the Zwyriderns is admired. Although Gucky suspects an 
ambush, he/it flies with his/its ship, that TRAMP AVENGER after Zwyrid in order 
to find out about the matter. Already with the arrival espert he/it an ambush, 
can from the thoughts of the Zwyrider however doesn't recognize it itself about 
what kind of a trap exactly deals. Arrived at the sanctuary, Gucky, that the 
relic is the remains of an old spaceship, recognizes. As the mouse-beaver 
examines the to the biggest part in the soil deep ship, he/it does different 
discoveries. The visitors had to have had the body-measurements of Terranern to 
the one approximately - that has inferred itself from the interpretation of the 
areas - to the other is the ship no longer than a cannibalized steel-skeleton. 
All technical components, to remove them/her/it, be develop. The ship works 
cannibalized. As Gucky finally does a finding-piece, on which reading 
terranische writing is, his/its premonition turns into the certainty. The ship 
is a Space-Jet, a Sonderanfertigung that of the size something of the 
standard-models deviates. Terraners had to have stranded 2000 years ago on the 
world of the Zwyrider therefore! 

The 4 immortals discuss surprising finding Guckys. Gucky represents settled the 
thesis that that 2000 years ago on Zwyrid notgelandeten Terraner itself in 
Puydor and must have established a colony. The mouse-beaver informs the other 3 
immortals of his/its intent to look for this colony. However not the fact 
alone, that maybe it an unknown, terranische colony in Puydor gives drives the 
mouse-beaver as rather the analysis-results of the finding-piece from the 
shipwreck. The fingerprint of a mouse-beaver was found on the metal part! 
Guckys search first remains unsuccessful, however then Guckys scouts discover 
the wreck of a Kugelraumers driving in the universe. As Gucky the ship examines 
he/it notices like before on Zwyrid, that of the ship-cell of the Raumers is 
cut out spare parts totally. 

Guckys examination is interrupted general Tolots by a hyper-message. Tolot is 
to be secured on the flight into the Minzant-System about Curayo. According to 
his/its statements, big fleet-no-ness of an unknown people are to be penetrated 
with it into Puydor. Her/its/their goal is the home-seat of Jii'Nevever 
undoubtedly. As the 4 immortals place themselves with her/its/their fleets in 
the Minzant-System, they experience a surprise. The mixed associations 
partially consist of units, that had to come from the Milky way. Roll-ships, 
Fragmentraumer, Koggen however also beam-spindles and other units were 
represented. Gucky sees itself as spectators of a dialogue between Shabazza and 
Jii'Nevever suddenly. Shabazza, his shape is not recognizable, since he/it is 
surrounded by a flock of bird-similar natures, the superiority of the coalition 
demonstrates Thoregon with the fleet-deployment opposite the dreamer. Shabazza 
would like to persuade the dreamer a last to changing on his/its side once 
obviously. 

Dream-world, Julian Tifflor,: Julian Tifflor, beside Icho Tolot, Gucky and 
Michael Rhodan one of the 4 generals of Jii'Nevever, meets with his/its fleet 
on the Sternenreich of the Jandaren. The Jandaren, a people that through 
aggressive expansion already a magnificent empire has based, the fleet of the 
dreamer first receives with mistrust. That is little remarkable, since the 
Jandarens possess no orientation-appliances to pursue the flight through the 
linear-area and Tifflor with his/its units directly in her/its/their 
home-system appears. Because of the strength of the Jandaren, their fleet 
immediately opposes Tifflors units, Tifflor deviates from the normal procedure 
this time. In order to incorporate the Jandaren into the empire of the dreamer, 
he/it chooses a cunning. 

Instead of proceeding with force, Tifflor pretends to come in peaceful mission 
and gets an audience with the queen of the Jandaren. As Tifflor of the queen 
gives a Tronium-Azint chain as gift and the piece of jewelry umhängt, she/it, 
that consequently also the entire people of the Jandaren can influence, falls 
into the ban of Jii'Nevever. As Tifflors use is completed with the Jandarens, 
he/it gets an alarm-news. An unknown fleet has appeared in Puydor! Immediately 
after receipt of the news, Tifflor contact takes with Icho Tolot, Gucky and 
Michael Rhodan on. The 4 generals of the dreamer decide her/its/their fleets in 
the Degger-System to collect 48 light-years of Curayo to put about the 
opponent..... 

Curayo, reality,: Julian Tifflors, Icho Tolot, Gucky and Michael Rhodan listen 
to the dialogue between Shabazza and Jii'Nevever. Shabazza demonstrates 
strength and power, that he/it conveys through visions. He/it asks the dreamer 
renewed, itself his/its plans, to subordinate. Jii'Nevever begins to obey and 
informs the 4 immortals of her/its/their intended role in the new, common plans 
of Shabazza and Jii'Nevever. A part of the plan intends to manage huge 
quantities at Tronium-Azint into the Milky way and it, to enable Jii'Nevever 
consequently, to widen her/its/their power into the home-galaxy of the 
Terraner. The immortals remain obviously untouched from this idea, all but one. 
Icho Tolot! The Haluter begins to make itself/themselves for thoughts over the 
reactions of his/its friends. How can an attack leave Jii'Nevevers his/its 
friends on the Milky way so drily? 

Tolot's spirit begins to become clear. The two brains of the Haluters are 
reason for it. Although can call also Tolot memories at a cooperation with 
Shabazza and Jii'Nevever from his/its memory, he/it discovers that the 
memory-contents of his/its plan - and Ordinärhines doesn't agree - a fact, that 
makes the giant of Halut to manage heavily. During Jii'Nevever with it begins 
the immortal information to transfer over her/its/their own origin and history, 
Tolot begins to analyze the erhaltenen information with sharpened senses. Only 
the circumstance, to possess two brains, moves him/it to it into the situation. 
Jii'Nevever causes her/its/their generals to provide the job order on the 
Orbitalstationen about Curayo, an order after her/its/their sense. 

Tolot penetrates into the ARANGITARIS station an and takes on the command of 
the house in shortest time. With the aids of the station, Tolot discovers an 
implanted micro-chip in his/its neck. As he/it programs a positronischen OP to 
remove the implant, Tolot, that it is about a manipulator Shabazzas, with which 
the unknown opponent interacted Thoregons the Mentalstabilisierung the 
Immortal, becomes clear. The chip is destroyed, obviously a consequence of the 
Tronium-Azint attack of Jii'Nevever. Tolot, that his/its friends, their chip 
must however still be able to function, were also manipulated, becomes clear. 
With a cunning, the Haluter first overpowers Gucky and removes the chip 
personally. 

As the mouse-beaver awakens after the operation, he/it is man of his/its own 
senses again. Gucky overpowers to free Tifflor about him/it from the control of 
Shabazzas and Jii'Nevevers, Michael Rhodan however proves as extremely 
distrustful. The 3 immortals succeed in not overpowering him/it and also to 
free Jii'Nevevers from the ban. Instead of his it must seize the 3 immortals 
the escape, since the dreamer slams with clenched power against her/its/their 
deserters. Michael Rhodan remains behind, with the fled however also deep 
doubts and insecurity, how much of the memories that possess her/it/them true 
is and something of Jii'Nevever was supplemented. Particularly Gucky suffers 
from the idea, there could be mouse-beavers in Puydor..... 

Icho Tolot, Gucky and Julian Tifflor could free itself from the influence of 
Jii'Nevever and in last second with the 25 meters traversing, linsenförmigen 
small-spaceship INGORUE puts. The 3 immortals leave the linear-area only in a 
distance of approximately 500 light-years to the Minzant-System and do 
inventory. Some other natures were still with the rash escape of the INGORUE on 
board. A Shuuke by the name of Ramman Orneko, former Chronaut of the 
Orbitalstation ARANGITARIS, 3 Rawwens that for the Chronauten had worked and 2 
Arrorers, for which are called by the Shuuken condescending pariahs. Universe's 
itself the entire personnel in the headquarters appears, begins to discuss the 
group under leadership of the 3 immortals over the next steps. 

Tifflor puts to approach before the planet of Ketchorr about more over the 
people of the Nevever and, finally to learn about the dreamer herself. The 
Shuuke is of other opinion and argues that the people of Puydor should first be 
warned. Even if the dreamer wants to recite her/its/their attack against the 
Milky way, she/it must recruit her/its/their strengths in Puydor first. If the 
people are alerted however and are mobilized against Jii'Nevever, then that 
would be of use also to the Milky way and her/its/their people. The immortals 
agree to the arguments of the Shuuken. As first goal, Ramman Orneko proposes a 
planet of the Ginkoos. The dealers are known for good contacts, which could be 
very useful for the again decided goals. 

The INGORUE takes course on the Angeemo-System, his fourth planet is a 
main-world of the Ginkoos for Zovork. As the INGORUE arrives in the 
Angeemo-System, she/it immediately gets country-permission. On Zovork like on 
all other trade-worlds in Puydor, Chronautens enjoy a high prestige, which 
primarily has to do with the Tronium-Azint, that the Chronautens offer 
throughout the galaxy to the trade. As Icho Tolot, Gucky and Julian Tifflor of 
a government-delegation of the Ginkoos is received, the warning is properly 
misunderstood before Jii'Nevever. The Ginkooses believe, that the 3 immortals 
Tronium-Azints sell and want to introduce only the negotiations with 
her/its/their history. Becomes clear already soon, the wider conversation no 
sense does. 

The Ginkooses don't believe the history of the immortal. To all that, Gucky 
registers first impulses Jii'Nevevers, that already begins with it, to widen 
her/its/their influence after Zovork. The INGORUE starts, before the situation 
becomes worse and now takes course on the Artirur-System, the home of the 
Nevever. In order to reach the system, the INGORUE must fly through the center 
of the galaxy, a place of unpredictable hyper-disturbances. Icho Tolot, impairs 
still from the behind attack of Jii'Nevevers, often extends since his/its stay 
on Curayo alone back in order to regenerate itself/themselves. The Haluter 
perceives is still weakened tiredness and his/its immune-system. As he/it 
renews himself/itself the INGORUE on board withdraws, it is the Haluter, as if 
he/it hears a luring reputation. As his/its meditation of aufgeschreckt finally 
turns into he/it, the feeling has first vanished. As the INGORUE finally has 
the second planet in reach of the calipers, the home of the Nevever appears as 
dry waste-world. 

The water supplies of the planet are almost completely exhausts. Laut 
Positroniks of the INGORUE still live approximately 2,4 millions Nevevers on 
the waste-world. As Ramman Orneko calls the planet per radio, the Shuuke 
receives answer only after a hour. It reports no Nevever however separates a 
dealer from the people of the Koraws by the name of Hotch-Kotta. As Gucky and 
Julian meets Tifflor itself after the landing with the Koraw, Icho Tolot of an 
urge-laundry begins suddenly immediately to rage into the waste-landscape of 
the planet. Gucky and Julian Tifflor is surprised admitteldly, but simply only 
believes that of the Haluter itself wants to work off. In reality, the 
procedure has Icho Tolots to do nothing with an urge-laundry but with intensive 
calls that he/it now about a multiple more strongly than receives the INGORUE 
on board before. 

Tolot, that is aware of the effect of the Mentalimpulse very well, decides 
her/its/their origin to go on the reason. The Haluter comes in the 
waste-landscape upon a structure, apparently part of a technical installation, 
that lifts itself from the waste-sand suddenly. The base of the structure 
virtually amounts to 600 meters. As the kronenförmige structure has finally 
reached a height of 300 meters, a strange shape hovers from the middle of the 
platform on Tolot to. Simultaneously, the attention getting-impulses would go 
out. The removes humanoide natures, that carry a robbery-bird-head with a 
dangerously looking beak on the shoulders, goes to hesitate after short to the 
attack over. Tolot must determine with horror, that he/it has not grown the 
strength of the nature. The nature, that names itself " mother ", defeats Icho 
Tolot in the duel, deposits 2 eggs through a peck in the tissue of the Haluters 
and dies afterwards. What Icho Tolot doesn't know, mother " is the last nature 
of his/its type and looks survived of his/its race for a host for him/it. 
Mother " has waited already much hundred years for a nature with Tolots 
constitution and has exhausted almost all his/its strengths. With the fight 
against Tolot, mother " mobilizes " her/its/their last energies and dies 
shortly, after she/it has placed the eggs in the body of the Haluters. The two 
eggs prove as extremely well protected. Icho Tolot succeeds in not removing the 
foreign-bodies. 

While Tolot retreats after this meeting into the desert, Gucky and Julian is 
met Tifflor with the Nevever. The similarity to Jii'Nevever attracts attention 
on the first gaze. The Nevevers are peacefully and unlocked, the communication 
with the foreign people however nevertheless proves to be difficult. Gucky 
notices difficulties to understand the edankeninhalte of the Nevever and to 
start his/its Parafähigkeiten. Several times espert he/it the expression 
Ashgavanogh, nothing can start with this name however. The Nevevers don't react 
to all questions, that involve Jii'Nevever, in turn. Eagerly, Gucky and Julian 
observes declines Tifflor like the Nevever into a strange rite. You/they arm 
yourself/themselves with knives and spears and leave to the hunt. Big 
insektoide natures, that live in the desert, are the goal of the Nevever. As 
the Nevevers bring back the killed animals to the place of the two spaceships 
and set aside, other animals, big serpentine creatures, appear on it shortly. 
Gucky and Julian Tifflor becomes clear that the killed Insektoidens serve as 
enticements for the serpentine. 

As the Nevevers kill the snakes, from the blood and meat a broth cooks and the 
strange rite continues, Gucky finds the reason for the hindrance of his/its 
Parafähigkeiten. The snakes carry gems, that are enriched with Tronium-Azint, 
in her/its/their inner organs. While the Nevevers fall into one bizarre trance, 
Tolot fights for the survival. The life-germs placed in his/its body grow 
quickly along, faster than the Haluter thought. Desperately, he/it penetrates 
into the subterranean installation one, from whoever the nature comes. He/it 
finds a gigantic, technical installation, that must be already much thousand 
years old. Tolot succeeds in finding a Positronik, that looks after him/it with 
important information. Therefore, the nature was proper that mother " named the 
people of the Obbythen at. 

The Obbythens had erected the gigantic installation to repulse about a 
potential threat from a neighbor-universe. The case however never stepped an 
and so the installation began to decline slowly over the millennia. Tolot, that 
he/it became the host of the two last copies of this people and was the attack 
of the " mother " only a last desperate attempt, finds out to get her/its/their 
type. As the life-germs begin to grow in Tolot, the mentalen communication even 
occurs with the embryos. Tolot is torn back and forth. His/its survival-will 
fights with his/its moral attitude. Become die the Haluter, that he/it grows up 
with more, the embryos plainly. The fate grasps an and removes the Haluter the 
decision. His/its regenerated, through which cell-assets-gate kills 
strengthened immune-system, the foreign life-germs from. Weakened however at 
the lives Tolot comes back to his/its friends, who observe the strange dance of 
the Nevever. 

After the Nevevers have retreated into a subterranean cave, they fall into a 
strange, collective meditation. This ritual is the puzzling Ashgavanogh 
obviously, a concept the Gucky already several times from the thoughts of the 
Nevever espern however could not assign. Gucky can intervene " with his/its 
Paragabens in the circle of the Nevever " and can recognize to his/its 
astonishment that the Nevevers over a type decree collective memory. In a type 
of dream-meditation, that learns Gucky details about the history of this people 
several ten thousand years back is enough..... 

The Nevevers reached a high technical and mental maturity, which she/it brought 
near to the next evolution-step to the super-intelligence, once. Already at 
that time, the Nevevers lived her/its/their Ashgavanogh on Ketchorr and 
zellebrierten, a mentalen collective-dream with him/it she/it itself exchanged. 
The Nevevers always distinguish 3 factors them/her/it her/its/their nature 
amounts. The Roo, that Guu and the Jii. The Roo stands for the 
aggression-instinct, that Guu for that " reason " and the Jii for the 
imagination. The Nevevers worked at this time as sponsors and 
development-helpers for the people in Puydor. You/they could travel with help 
of the Tronium-Azints already at that time and huge distances through pure 
concentration bridge, according to that spaceships no longer, to travel about 
the galaxy, was required and as " in great detail " was valid. 

This led however also to it, that the Nevevers retreated from the active event 
of her/its/their galaxy little by little and younger, expansive races like the 
Rawwen crossed the stage. As the Nevevers of a day kept away her/its/their 
Ashgavanogh again, they experienced a surprise. An unknown strength tore 
her/it/them from her/its/their meditation by force, united her/it/them to a 
collective-nature and lifted the Nevever on a higher existence-level. The 
unknown strength introduced itself as Muriadoc, that defined itself as a runner 
of the high cosmic entities. Muriadoc revealed the mental collective of the 
Nevever that the time would have come to form a super-intelligence, the 
physical existence to renounce and to collaborate at the development of the 
cosmos from a higher attendant from so. The Nevevers were not her/its/their 
corporality ready however to give up, even if certain aspects at the new 
existence-form provoked her/it/them. You/they quoted that is to be solved even 
many tasks in Puydor before they wanted to renounce the corporality, a 
statement that clearly expressed like the majority of the Nevever thought. 
Muriadoc released the Nevever with the edition first to bring her/its/their 
galaxy in order and to introduce the next evolution-step then. 

The Nevevers devoted time to it henceforth, as they fill the tasks of the 
cosmic entities and could remain nevertheless physical. Orsidenda, a scientist 
of the Nevever did the crucial suggestion. He/it wanted an art-nature, which 
create the Guu and Jii of 10 billion Neveverns in itself unified and stepped 
opposite the cosmic entities as replacements in appearance, during which 
Nevevers could remain physical. He/it marked the nature ,mit Guu-Jii Nevever 
and did itself to work for different concepts at the work the art-body to 
generate. First, there were heavy relapses. A prototype of a purely organic 
art-body, that possessed the double size of a Nevevers approximately, got 
besides control and prepared a bloodbath under the Nevevern gathered to the 
Ashgavanogh. 

Orsidenda discarded the concept of an organic body on it and concentrated 
his/its work on managing a kybernetischen substitute. Also this base remained 
unsuccessfully and first the notes of his/its old friend of Upesamee brought 
Orsidenda on the right way. Upesamee referred to use the Tronium-Azint in 
his/its logbook-message on the ability of the Nevever as a type of Transmitter. 
That means nothing other, than which the matrixes of the Nevever stored and 
were regenerated at another place from the Tronium-Azint reception-station 
again. Upesamee beat to give not freely before the stored data of the Nevever 
again and to store in the Tronium-Azint to a huge Mischwesen. Upesamee idea led 
to the success. With a big Ashgavanogh, the Nevevers led her/its/their Jii and 
her/its/their Guu into the Tronium-Azint and let such an art-body, that unified 
the Guu and the Jii of all Nevever in ever a body-half, originate. 

All that happened approximately 60000 years before the current calendar. The 
again originated nature still consisted materializes too approximately one 
fifth of Tronium-Azint, that had remaining 4/5tel, itself into an unknown 
material. Guu-Jii Nevever received the clear job from Orsidenda to pacify the 
galaxy to give the possibility for the Nevevern to rise later to the 
super-intelligence. Guu-Jii Nevever demonstrated her/its/their ability of the " 
reverie " on it soon and which power was in this talent got the Nevevern ready. 
Guu-Jii Nevever, that is Tronium-Azint an important catalyst for her/its/their 
ability and required her/it/them preferably much of the valuable Schwingquarz, 
explained to start accordingly about her/its/their ability. The election of the 
Nevever fell Curayo, that showed very big Tronium-Azint occurrences, on the 
planet. Guu-Jii Nevever began to pursue her/its/their task, however for a high 
price, that paying the Nevever had. After the people had handed over his/its 
entire Guu and Jii at the art-nature, it began to degenerate gradually. It was 
no longer after short time to fill his/its original tasks in the situation 
opposite the cosmic entities and fell back into the development far. Only the 
memory at the big time remained the Neveverns, spills in the subconscious and 
only at the surface coming, if the Nevevers kept away her/its/their 
Ashgavanogh. 

Lovo Kasistan, a mighty warlord from the people of the Varmiren, realizes the 
secret influence the Guu-Jii Nevever through her/its/their dream-visions on the 
people of Puydors practices and attacks Curayo with a fleet. His/its attempt of 
Guu-Jii Nevever, to destroy, it fails however, since the entity can bring on 
the Tronium-Azint in security anytime. As the entity hits back with 
her/its/their visions, the warlord must flee. However the Varmierens proved to 
be stubborn. You/they sought to destroy the art-nature after possibilities 
further, because they didn't want to exist in an universe, in which they had to 
give up her/its/their own will. As Guu of Jii'Nevever separated one day in 
order to become active at a crisis-place in Puydor, it succeeded to lure the 
Varmiren Guu'Nevever into a trap. Guu Nevever was the INTURA-TAR on the way on 
board, a Generationenschiff of the Rawwen. The Jii'Nevever retarded on Curayo 
received the Todesimpuls of her/its/their second half suddenly and could 
produce no more contact then. Jii'Nevevers revenge was terrifying. Injured into 
the deepest of her/its/their soul, she/it began to rage in Puydor. She/it 
enslaved the people of the Varmiren and turned it into pariahs, that Arorrer. 
Jii'Nevever developed into the merciless sovereign, until the Nonggos put down 
her/its/their working an end through the time-torpedo for the time being...... 

As the Nevevers had finished her/its/their Ashgavanogh, Michael Rhodan appears 
in the system of the Nevever. The 3 immortals succeed in fleeing and on board 
the MAJETT, to leave the system. 

Eismer Störmengords GLIMMER has the repair in the system of the Propteren 
behind itself.  As the ship is ready to start again, the Galaktikers do 
themselves about Perry Rhodan, as on board guests from Eismer Störmengords ship 
on the way after DaGlausch. Back, the Setchenens and the Propteren, that begin 
to arrange itself/themselves slowly, remain. The Goldner, that loner-living 
lived, still has reservations against the presence of his/its " guests " on 
board admitteldly, however also Eismer seems to come plainly with the situation 
slowly. More still, it seems to build itself/themselves sympathy and friendship 
on both sides. While a bearings-exit of the GLIMMERS, the Goldner learns about 
radio of a new, essentially improved orientation-system which the 
Tampa-Konsortium offers to the sale currently. Spontaneously the 
vibration-researcher decides to alter the course and where a trade-base of the 
consortium is approaches the Leilanz-System. 

In the Leilanz-System arrived lands the GLIMMERS on Leilanz XI, a small 
trade-station. The center of the trade-station, a metropolis swarming before 
lives, carries the names Leilanza. After Eismer has reserved one of the new 
orientation-systems for itself, he/it goes in company of Reginald Bull and 
Tautmo Aagenfelt on the market in order to supplement his/its fund at rare 
junk. On the market, a surprise expects the vibration-researcher. Under the 
countless natures that her/its/their merchandise to the trade offers, Eismer is 
met with a Goldnerin! Like stunned follows Eismer according to her/it/them and 
speaks to her/it/them. The vibration-researcher is fascinated doubly. Firstly 
he/it is met after very long time with an Artgenossen for the first time, to 
the second, he/it immediately senses the fascination of his/its female 
opposite, that is obviously also replied. 

Eismer packs the opportunity with the mop of hair and asks the Goldnerin, 
whether she/it would like to accompany him/it, if he/it leaves the planet 
again. Since there is hardly still Goldner, no long time remains closed the 
recruits and Eismer goes on the total. Hind, the Goldnerin is called so, 
Eismers request refuses however, is itself however ready to meet with the 
Goldner again. Before she/it tries before a few dubious shapes, that they 
apparently pursue, to withdraw, she/it gives Eismer the address of 
her/its/their hotel. Hinds escape is useless however. The persecutors are 
faster, seize and carry off her/it/them. Eismer, that can do nothing for the 
Goldnerin, turns, the GLIMMER depresses on board back. As Eismer retreats into 
his/its cubicle alone, the Galaktikers consider the vibration-researcher like 
she/it can help. In the next morning, Eismer announces that doesn't give up 
he/it and wants to do itself on the search after the Goldnerin. Reginald Bull 
and Tautmo Aagenfelt affiliate the vibration-researcher, while Perry Rhodan 
states ready that to take ordered orientation-appliance in reception. 

As Rhodan and Mondra takes on Diamond the Orter in the Tampa-Konsortium in 
reception, they don't believe her/its/their eyes. The terranische 
Universalorter stands ZZ-89 in front of them! Rhodan immediately pulls a 
connection to the terranischen district moved through the Heliotische bulwark 
Alashan. During Rhodan and Mondra Diamond the right ends pulls no more 
information from the Tampa consortium however gets, Eismer, Reginald Bull and 
Tautmo Aagenfelt reach the hotel, his address has handed over Hind to the 
vibration-researcher. The investigations of the 3 are unsuccessful however. 
Nobody in the hotel " Zork " knows a Goldnerin by the name of Hind. As the two 
Terraners and the Goldner leave the hotel, they become from a Garamboliden, a 
turtle-good nature of circa 100 kilogram pursues. Eismer, Reginald Bull and 
Tautmo Aagenfelt can overpower the nature and can experience the name of 
his/its client. Durag, the client, is a removes humanoides natures and turns 
out as owners of the hotel " Zork ". He/it declares to stand with Hind in a 
business-relationship. The 3 seekers learn about him/it, that Hind has probably 
gotten involved into opaque businesses with a certain dealer by the name of 
Rakh. 

The tracks to Rakh lead after Blabane, the amusement-quarter of the 
trade-station. As the 3 are on the street on the way again, a huge plume 
attracts her/its/their attention to itself. In the hotel Zork, a bomb is 
detonated and has destroyed the entire building. As Eismer, Reginald Bull and 
Tautmo Aagenfelt to the place of the event hurries to get about a few 
information, a more unknown steps at the Goldner along and warns to look him/it 
for Hind further. As Eismer wants to turn over itself, he/it gets a hit on the 
head and faints. As the Goldner of the renewed hit recovers the GLIMMER on 
board, Rhodan reveals his/its friend Bully a plan, as he/it wants to bring more 
on the origin of the terranischen Universalorters in experience. He/it plans to 
force an entry with a small team into the trading center of the Tampa 
consortium and to call the data. During Rhodan his/its action with support of 
Mondra Diamond and Ska enforces, Eismer, Reginald Bull and Tautmo Aagenfelt 
venture into the Blabane, a type gigantic casino and amusement-center. 

p>Als she/it finally in contact with the Häschern Rakhses comes, they are 
finally met in an abandoned and verwinkelten cellars with Hind. The Goldnerin 
was tortured heavily and the death is near. For Eismer, that has done 
everything, to find about his/its Artgenossin, the realization become live the 
Hind a heavy hit. With the active help of Bully and Aagenfelt, the 
vibration-researcher can overpower the laborers of Rakhs and can take the 
deserted body from Hinds with on board the GLIMMER. As Rhodan and Mondra comes 
back Diamond of her/its/their secret visit of the consortium and learns about 
the fate of the Goldnerin, they are very involved. After all, there is a new 
track that to the Herkunftsortes of the Universalorter leads - the planet 
Kristan. 

Meanwhile, the message has around-spoken itself throughout DaGlausch about the 
new Universalorter ZZ-89. While most people acquire the Orter legally, other 
groups take her/its/their quite own strategy. So for example the Hamarade 
Vurtoon. Vurtoon is commander of the ship SHAKE-FURY, a ship, that has fallen 
the Hamaradens during the vibration-custody of a people from the Eastside of 
the galaxy into the hands. Vurtoon is itself too precious the Orters to buy, 
therefore he/it attacks ship the straight in the property of the valuable 
appliance again is and tries to take away the loot with force from them. 
However as simple as itself the Hamarade the plan lays out ready it doesn't 
look in the practice. With the attempt, to attack a ship of the Tsk, is 
surprised them/her/it SHAKE-FURY before the goal of the convoy of the Tsk ship 
shortly and must seize the escape. Angrily over the failed attack and the with 
the fight lost " material ", the Hamarade dares a new attempt on it shortly. 
This time, his/its goal is the ship of the Chii-Yik. Since the habits of this 
race are probably known to the Hamaraden and the Chii-Yiks always flies the 
same routes, he/it succeeds in overpowering the foreign ship relatively simply 
this time. 

On Alashan: Gia de Moleons and Stendal Navajo debate more over her/its/their 
different opinions and over the future of the Terraner in DaGlausch once. The 
system-supervision gives middles into the discussion alarm. A foreign ship has 
appeared at the edge of the Thorrtimer-Systems. Shortly after the first news, 
two more ships appear. The look of the Raumer works strange. You/they remind 
remotely of the bone-framework of fish. As the strangers don't react to 
radio-telephone calls, Stendal Navajo sends them two Thorrimer freighters 
contrary to, to explore about her/its/their intents. As the personnel of a 
freighter a probe ausschleust, the foreign ships vanish transition-free from 
the system and leave a short " Blackout " with the freighter-personnels. The 
subsequent examination of the personnels yields that the short loss of the 
control has not probably been an attack, because the Thorrimer and Terraner on 
board the ships clearly sensed an emotion that of the ships itself ran out of 
that only as fear or fear has interpreted. Only few minutes later the 
Systemorters post renewed, however this time it is the GOOD-HOPE III, that 
comes back from a freight-flight. 

From the area views Alashan coalesces with Zortengaam, the capital of the 
Thorrimer, more and more. The Terraners undertake big efforts to camouflage 
Terranias the district so that potential visitors don't notice he/it from the 
area - another stein-reputation, to guarantee about the security of Alashan. 

On Kristan: The GLIMMERS has arrived on Kristan in the meantime and has gotten 
country-permission. Bully immediately begins a notion following the 
country-fields of the trade-world to scan after terranischen ship-types, 
however unsuccessful. Nevertheless is known to the Galaktikerns since 
her/its/their visit on Leilanz XI, that comes the construction-records of the 
terranischen Orters ZZ-89 of Kristan. As Rhodan and Bully undertake a first 
excursion, they are spoken to by an unknown nature. The nature presses Bully a 
tap-good object into the hand and flees from the approaching KrisPol. The left 
behind object proves to be hot ware, because Rhodan and Bully are taken up by 
the KrisPol and are arrested. Also Mondra, Poulton and Tautmos do the painful 
experience that the markets of Kristan are approaching dangerously. During 
Poulton itself on a dispute admits Mondra and Tautmos are attacked. 

Poulton can intervene in last minute and can prevent a catastrophe. While two 
teams are outside the GLIMMERS on the way, Ska Kijathe tries to latch 
itself/themselves into the computer-network of Kristan in order to get more 
information this way. Also this attempt proves as very dangerously and brings 
Ska, that goes with help of the virtual reality into the network, at the 
borders of the physical breakdown. Despite all, the system-analyst can bring 
valuable data of her/its/their virtual trip. She/it finds hints, that has 
closed on the former presence of Terranern. Finally, also Eismer Störmengord is 
on Kristan on the way. He/it hears about the sale of a new 
Hochleistungspositronik that comes from the same source like the ZZ-89 Orters. 
Both marvels of the technology becomes name distributions through an 
organization that itself COMPANY. Since Eismer doesn't own the necessary 
methods to acquire about one of the new Positroniken, he/it comes back with 
information the GLIMMER on board merely. 

While Rhodan and Bully free themselves with help of Moo from the custody of the 
KrisPol and also Mondra, Poulton and Tautmos to the GLIMMER come back, somebody 
is still interested in the merchandise of the COMPANY. Teiskoll, an agent of 
the Hamaraden observes since appears the ZZ-89 Orterses' the activities of the 
COMPANY. The Hamarade suffers from always recurrent visions and pictures, that 
run out before his/its mental eye. He/it sees try the death of a woman, that 
he/it despairs, constantly to prevent. In the scene that itself again and again 
before his/its eyes unwinds chaos prevails. Despite this psychic burden, the 
Hamarade looks out the activities of the COMPANY systematically. He/it becomes 
witness of a demonstration, that a group of swarthy Humanoiden keeps away for 
the COMPANY and leaves, the strangers natures of this time at no longer from 
the eyes. As the swarthy biped Partner seeks for Howalgoniumhandel, Teiskoll 
offers itself to them as supplier. He/it lifts connection with Vurtoon, that 
here-manages a big quantity at Howalgonium. What is not know the members of the 
COMPANY, that the Hamaradens in the Howalgonium have hidden a Peilsender, that 
should point out them the way to the home-basis of the COMPANY, and so that to 
the source all of the new, technical innovations. 

Also Rhodans and the other Galaktikers have collected all her/its/their new 
realizations and have come in the end that looking for the last answers on 
her/its/their questions with the COMPANY is. As the Galaktikers observe the 
agency of the COMPANY, they notice that still it other prospects on the balmier 
lies. Hamaradens, that scan the trade mission of the COMPANY with all possible 
technical refinements, are in the neighbor-building of the COMPANY. Bully and 
Rhodans grasp the ominous decision to force an entry into the building of the 
Hamaraden to use about their information for itself. The skirmish, that Ska 
Kijathes and Poulton lose the life, occurs. Rhodan and Bully are overpowered by 
Vurtoon and Teiskoll and are stood in front of the execution shortly. 

As Vurtoon Rhodans death announces, Teiskoll remembers the reason of his/its 
agonizing visions suddenly. In the past, his/its home planet of a 
vibration-custody was invaded and Vurtoon had the life of Teiskoll's Gefährtin 
on the conscience with the escape. What of the Hamarade always ousted and saw 
only in visions, comes suddenly to the surface. Teiskoll kills Vurtoons, before 
the Rhodan can kill. In last minute, the fight-robots of the COMPANY appear and 
clarify the situation. Rhodan and Bully learn Alashan and her/its/their masked 
appearance on Kristan about the Terranerns of the nation. The Galaktikers say 
goodbye to Eismer Störmengord and go the GOOD-HOPE III on board. The 
vibration-researcher, that Terranern now connected in narrow friendship, 
promises to remain another while in the sector, if the Terraners should require 
his/its help again. 

Action-place Milky way, on the crystal-planet Arkon I,: 

Lengor, an arkonidischer architect and decisive at the project of Mirkandol 
involves, will arrest from the arkonidischen secret service. The deportation 
threatens Lengor on the criminal-planet Trankun, a hell from her/it as good as 
nobody living has come back. Lengor has announced no secret-information of the 
Mirkandol project with it. He/it already suffices that it could do. Sargor of 
Progeron, leaders of the arkoniodischen secret service, has no remorses with 
the application of such methods. The life and the future of Lengors are him/it 
relatively no matter. The only reason, immediately to execute not the 
architect, it is that one wants to take his/its abilities for the 
crystal-empire in claim maybe again. Like Lengor, already many Arkonidens did 
the experience, that deals Sargor of Progeron absolutely emotionless, before 
and before nothing recoils to represent about the interests of the 
crystal-empire. 

On Terra: Atlan reaches the SOL-System with its RICO and lands near Terrania 
city. The city still lies mainly in debris. Approximately 20 millions 
inhabitants were expelled and only approximately 3 millions of them have come 
back until now. The rebuilding of the devastated districts is already in the 
walk. Some consequences were drawn from the teachings of the Dscherro attack. 
So, no longer will separate erects the HQ-Hanse and the TLD tower on the earth 
on the moon for example. Also about the political circumstances, Atlan learns 
some news. So, the LFT government stands under strong, political pressure 
through the liberal unit, quoted from Solder Brant. 

Brant, even a former hostage of the Dscherro, accuses the LFT leadership 
defection and wins more and more support in the population. Brant understands 
it skillful the mood to exploit in the people for his/its political goals. 
Atlan and Cistolo Khan looks with apprehension at this development. On Cistolos 
invitation, Camelot should now finish his/its hide-and-seek and committee in 
the happens intervenes, Atlan answers with a clear no. Cistolos disappointment 
probably recognizing, Atlan hands over the LFT -Kommissar pictures of the 
crystal-planet of the Arkoniden. The pictures, that show Imperator Bostrich, 
care hints for a big project of the Arkoniden, that will have an influence on 
all other people of the Milky way. Up to now, only the name of the project is 
known: Mirkandol. Atlan assures Cistolo, that Camelot already works on the 
matter and information endures in a short time. 

On the crystal-planet Arkon I: Trondar, an extremely superstitious, 
arkonidischer dealer is subpoenaed to Sargor of Progeron. Trondar provides the 
secret service-boss with information that he/it on his/its wide flights through 
the Milky way occasionally collects and offers Sargor of Progeron a rare gem, 
that he/it has bought by the order of the Geheimdienschefs. Trondar reports 
Sargor of Progeron of his/its momentary difficulties to deliver a rare statue, 
that Lengor's Architektenbüro has ordered. Sargor of Progeron pretends not to 
know, why the office is closed momentarily. Trondar creates suspicion with the 
words of the secret service-boss and begins itself thoughts to do Legors over 
the fate. 

Trondar suspects has been carried off the Legor of the secret service, why a 
system-loyal Arkonide has fallen like Legor in disgrace cannot state however. 
Going back on his/its ship considers renews Trondar the situation. He/it has 
heard about a puzzling project, at which Lengor should have been involved. The 
location of the project is Khoukar, an area to the north of the equator of 
Arkon I, that is closed to all Arkoniden and flying in spaceships, the desert. 
Trondar decides the matter to go on the reason and engages his/its confidante 
Geralim to examine the matter near. Under pretense of a museum-visit at the 
edge of the desert, Geralim begins, supports through 2 men of the team to 
fathom the secret of the desert. 

Already soon, the 3 Arkonidens, a gigantic deflector-umbrella, discover under 
which hiding her/its/their goal-object seems itself. As the 3 Arkonidens 
venture to the deflector-umbrella, the two men are killed Geralims of 
security-installations and the dealer must retreat. In a cave, he/it remains 
undetected from the awake-troops appearing shortly on it and can come back the 
trading ship on board. Trondar is shaken over the unexpected development and 
already finds out, that some more persons, who were active for the puzzling 
project, under mysterious circumstances has vanished. According to rumors, they 
have been carried off by the secret service on the criminal-planet of 
Trankun.... 

On the RICO, in the Orbit about Terra,: Atlan is informed by Geralim about the 
current development on Arkon I per code-transmission. Geralim, an agent of the 
IPRASA, proposes the planets Lokvorth in the Scarfaaru-System in order to meet 
Atlan directly. Geralim believes to can clarify the secret about the project of 
Mirkandol. Atlan decides to accept the offer. The Arkonide experiences with it, 
that is also Solder Brant on Lokvorth at present, to lead about political 
conversations. As Atlan lands on Lokvorth, he/it is met with an Arkoniden, it 
is not Geralim but Trondar however. Trondar informs Atlan about that it itself 
with the project Mirkandol about the probably biggest construction, that 
Arkonidens have ever taken in attack, dealt. The debatable area in the desert 
of Khoukar is bolted by a huge Robotarmee and could be earned only by one 
massive, military use. Atlan experiences, that almost all important co-workers 
of the project has vanished and with high likelihood on the criminal-planet 
TrankunAtlan, Hermon of Ariga and Brant. As attacks Solder Brant Atlan and 
Camelot publicly, Atlan has itself pulled to no unthinking remark. , To beat 
Brants intents from the meeting with Atlan political capital, doesn't rise. As 
Atlan and Hermons of Ariga Lokvorth leave, that flies RICO course Trankun. 

On Arkon I: It lasts only few minutes and Sargor of Progeron is from the events 
on Lokvorth thanks to the galaxy-widens coverage informed. Sargor experiences 
furthermore that the two in the desert Khoukar of killed Arkoniden to the 
personnel Trondars and to the IPRASA belonged. Sargor of Progeron doesn't 
suspect Trondar directly however, since he/it knows that Atlans agents always 
work with best possible camouflage. he/it, that knows Trondar nothing about the 
espionage of his/its crewmembers, subordinates therefore. 

On the criminal-planet Trankun: Lengor must be located right with the 
unfavorable circumstances on Trankun. The death almost meets the architect 
every day. Trankun is a methane-world, on which the prisoners can survive only 
thanks to her/its/their protection-suits. Lengors of whole survival-wills hangs 
at the intent, it the arkonidischen Imperator and Sargor of Progeron of a day, 
to home-pay. Lengor experiences that almost all former specialists that at the 
project of Mirkandol collaborated, a debasing brainwashing was subjected. 
Lengor is afraid that also he/it is next soon. In addition, Lengor must still 
fight with the chicaneries of the guard, that exposes him/it several times big 
danger. As that reaches RICO the system of the criminal-planet, Atlan succeeds 
in sending out a Space-Jet through a deception of the planet-ary 
supervision-installations, that can venture into the atmosphere of the 
methane-planet. At the same time, Lengor is prepared for the closing of his/its 
memory. On Arkon I, the forcible penetration of the Jet is reported and Sargor 
of Progerons remembered a fleet, which that expel RICO from the system and 
should destroy the Jet, in the job. It succeeds to free Hermon of Ariga Lengor 
and goes wrong with the Jet TrankunArkoniden and the Jet can become in the RICO 
eingeschleust. Lengor is in security. 

As Atlan and Hermon of Ariga after return into the SOL-System and taken place, 
medical ministration Lengor over Mirkandol questions, the Arkonide can give no 
more information. His/its memory already became on Trankun gelöscht. Atlan 
decides to take another strategy. He/it uses to make Mirkandol " about the 
project for Solder Brant publicly ". The politician demands to put the 
Arkoniden on her/its/their secret frankly. Transmitted into all angles of the 
galaxy, one hears become reveal Brants voice also on Arkon I. as answer 
Imperator Bostichs the secret. Mirkandol is a gigantic palace-city, prepared on 
all imaginable life-conditions, that should be decided as future seat of the 
galactic people. The piece of news beats a like a bomb and Atlan to tend the 
suspicion, that is behind the project more than only the peaceful 
meeting-place, begins. 

The water-world beaming outside in all blue-sounds Zyan, the second of 
altogether 4 planets is in the system of the Sonne Gorkan. The surface of Zyan 
consists merely to one seventh of country-mass. Nevertheless, the LFT, like 
also numerous other people of the galaxy, trade-stations and 
research-facilities on the water-world, entertains. It is usually swimming 
stations of different size, that serve the dealers and researchers as basis. 
Despite the heavenly sight, the water-world is very dangerous for Terraner. The 
water beams planetenweit strongly radioactively and can for a Terraner, that 
dares unprotected into the outside, to heavy radiation-burdens and leads 
finally to the death. The innate people of the Solomothen senses nothing from 
the radiation-burden. The Solomothens have adapted themselves to the particular 
conditions of her/its/their world long ago and it is speculated that the strong 
radioactive radiation has favored the process of the intelligence-education. 
The Solomothens can live safely in depths up to 2000 meters and can perfectly 
adapt as sea-It-inhabitants at a life in the water. To the precinct-marking and 
love-expression, the Solomothens isolate a certain odor-secretion, that in 
connection with one in the grows comprehended coral into a chem. Process 
happens and forms a Perlamarin - one blue shining, noble stone. 

In the year 1154 NGZS comes it to the first meeting between Solomothen and 
Terranern. Michunda Nicholls, so-called " specialist for first-contacts ", 
makes a communication to the two Solomothen Battanboos and Gaaha. Nicholls 
consecrates the Solomothen, that removes, at big, earthly sea-elephants 
reminds, into some cosmic contexts one. As Nicholls becomes aware on a 
Perlamarin for the first time, the undoing takes his/its course. The Terraner 
turns out as extremely avaricious and unscrupulously, in order to come into the 
possession of the noble stones. Always on occasion, Nicholls penetrates with 
just as unscrupulous helpers into the life-area of the Solomothen an and 
doesn't recoil themselves before murder about at the secret of the interaction 
between the odor-secretion of the Solomothen and the corals, to come. More and 
more atrocities finally jar the normally peaceful life of the Solomothen until 
one on the drift Nicholls alertly, a terranisches command becomes and stops the 
crimes. Already many Solomothens had to die up to this time because of the 
Perlamarine. 

1187 NGZS: Samuel Artinango, Sicherheitskommisar of Zyan, makes a long promised 
gift for the Solomothens and hands over Battanboo, acting for his/its people, a 
specifically rebuilt Kugelraumer with 200 meters of diameters. Most of the 
sections of the Raumers can be flooded with water and can be offered the 
Solomothens so ideal conditions. The gift of the Terraner stands for the 
recompense of the atrocities of Michunda Nicholls symbolically and should give 
the Solomothens the possibility to look for all the places of the galaxy 
directly, about which they have only heard until now. 

1290 NGZS: The Solomothens of Perk Zaidan, a young terranischen student, that 
just does for his/its studies in Exobiologie on Zyan, get a positive picture of 
the Terraner. After Perk is introduced in the particular environment-conditions 
of Zyan, he/it gets to know young Terraner the Solomothen. With a first trip 
into the underwater-world, Perk saves two Solomothens from the certain death. 
The Solomothen, a mother and her/its/their offspring, dared in to deep waters 
and was attacked by a Rabbastuhr. Perk Zaidan rescues the Solomothen under use 
of his/its life and gets a Perlamarin to the thanks to the gift. The 
Solomothen, through picture-projectors of the Galaktiker themselves in the 
Behausungen of her/its/their underwater-castles over the political situation of 
the galaxy on the running held, begins itself over the current, political 
development to do provides. During a meeting with Perk Zaidan and Marga Rejka, 
the leader of the swimming city " Neptune 4 ", Battanboo expresses his/its 
misgivings over the refusing stand of the most Galaktiker respecting Mirkandol. 
In the conversation with Battanboo, Marga Rejka alters her/its/their opinion to 
Perk Zaidans astonishment itself, originally a strong skeptic something 
Mirkandol as new session-place of the Galaktikums involves. It almost seems, as 
if the Solomothens possess the ability to convince through her/its/their 
arguments alone. As Marga Rejkas arranges despite her/its/their changed opinion 
to can alter nothing at the present galaktopolitischen situation, Battanboo 
announces, that the Solomothens themselves will take the initiative. More and 
more frequently, the Terraners can observe, like itself the Solomothen into 
her/its/their underwater-dances works up - a gesture, the strong apprehension 
expresses. Finally, the Solomothens begin with manning her/its/their altogether 
5 ships in order to leave into the galaxy. The sea-It-inhabitants have financed 
themselves her/its/their small fleet through sales of Perlamarins and have also 
named the ships after the noble stones. At the 30. The 5 ships Zyan leave April 
1290 NGZS and leave to her/its/their peace-mission to the welfare of the Milky 
way. 

1. May, 1290 NGZ Terras,: Cistolo Khan, from the last events heavily drawn, 
still fights with domestic difficulties and before all things about the 
recovery of the trust that went lost him/it during the Dscherro crisis. On a 
conference of representatives of the LFT, planets associated like approximately 
Plophos and Gäa, Khan experiences that most terranischen worlds the offer of 
the Arkoniden Mirkandol to appoint as new seat of the Galaktikums refusing 
opposite stands. As Khan is recalled surprising by the session, he/it learns 
about hyper-radio of the intent of the Solomothen and her/its/their 
peace-mission. At the same time, also Atlan announces his/its visit with the 
LFT commissioner. Cistolo Khan, after the loss of the TLD tower and most of 
his/its agents on information the Arkoniden and his/its IPRASA instructed, 
Atlan receives, although this is still regarded as " persona non grata ". 
Together the two men discuss the intents of the Solomothen, no big odd arrange 
the sea-It-inhabitants on success however. At least, Cistolo Khans and Atlan 
are themselves united over the positive motives of the Solomothen. 

Kreit system, Ertrus,: The PERLAMARIN III belongs like her/its/their 4 
sister-ships to the small, mixed fleet of the Solomothen. The interiors of all 
5 ships; 3 Kugelraumers with 200 meters of diameters, 1 Diskussraumers of the 
blues with 150 meters of diameters and a Walzenraumer of the jumpers with 200 
meters, lets itself flood with the radioactive water of Zyans to offer the 
accustomed life-conditions about the Solomothen. Each ship is manned with 5 
Solomothen mate. Instead of yawls, the Raumers own particular survival-tanks 
with those itself the Solomothen outside the ships can move. As the PERLAMARIN 
III lands on Ertrus, the Solomothens of a trade-delegation of the government 
are received. The Ertrusers first believe that the Solomothens are interested 
in a trade agreement. The delegation must surprise however determines that the 
sea-It-inhabitants would like to discuss over Mirkandol instead. The 
ertrusische delegation first behaves distrustful and refusing, cannot escape 
the conversation-offer of the Solomothen long however. It seems the Solomothen 
as can despite her/its/their contrasts to the Ertruserns, the discussion 
through her/its/their arguments alone positive impulses gives. 

Terra: Bre Tsinga still devotes time to the Nonggo Genhered. Genhered, that was 
nominated for the defection of the Heliotischen bulwark to the sin-bearer, 
suffers heavily from the distance of his/its SBS-Chips. Done from the 
Neuronalen-Netz, the Nonggo only ekes out an existence to itself. It is Bre 
Tsingas use alone to owe, that the Nonggo has not yet finished with his/its 
life. In order to help Genhered energetically, the Siganesens work about domino 
steed on a substitute-chip. Bre Tsinga can win Genhered to collaborating 
constructively despite his/its apathy at the chip. From this time on, the 
development goes ahead better. On the day of Genhereds operation through which 
the chip should be put in, Atlan reports. The Arkonide, that would like to be 
present during the operation on own wish, can scatter the last doubts Genhereds 
at the establishment of the substitute-chip. An unexpected incident occurs 
during the operation. The Nonggo is shaken suddenly by cramps. It first seems 
so, as if the Nonggo collapses at the consequences of the operation. 
Fortunately Genhereds body recovers quickly and the Nonggo wakes up on it from 
the narcosis soon. The operation was successful! Genhered can dive " again " 
and can tap the neuron of the moved Nonggo museum near Terrania city. 

Gatas: The PERLAMARIN IV has Gatas to the goal, the main-world of the blues. 
The blues, that belong the forum of Raglund, receive the Solomothen with a 
certain condescension and distance. As the conversation comes on the point, the 
Solomothens have similar difficulties like the PERLAMARIN III on Ertrus. The 
blues go however another step further. As they hear, that the Solomothens want 
to more-fly to her/its/their mission after Arkon I, they look the opportunity 
agents at the main-world of the crystal-empire to einschleusen. Before the 
PERLAMARIN IV leaves Gatas again, 30 blues-soldiers sneak under the leadership 
of Syilly Dyrhülfn of the Solomothen ship on board and hide in one of the not 
flooded areas of the ship. The Solomothens notice nothing of her/its/their 
blind passengers. Despite the malignant plan of the blues, one cannot dispute, 
that the Solomothens also on Gatas have achieved a part-success at least, at 
least in thinking of some Gataser. 

Terra: Genhered recovers quickly from the operation and the task is taken care 
of Bre Tsingas to take care of the Nonggo. As Atlan and Bres get the news over 
the landing of the Solomothen on Terra, decides the visit of the Solomothen 
both to be present as observers. Bre notices to her/its/their astonishment, 
that the arguments of the Solomothen leave a clear effect with Paola Daschmagan 
and Cistolo Khan. The two mightiest persons of the LFT appear unlocked the 
arguments of the Solomothen more and more. Nevertheless, a last mistrust 
remains exists. Cistolo Khan estimates some PSI-Spezialisten at the 
brain-wave-patterns of the Solomothen unseen in order to look for par-abnormal 
abilities. The examination remains fruitless. Too all him/it it is for Khans 
and Daschmagans an unconscious influence impossible, since both 
mentalstabilisierts are. Also Bre Tsingas analysis, that it means the 
Solomothen by her/its/their peace-mission honestly, yields merely. After 
completion of the conversations, Bre Tsinga decides to accompany the Solomothen 
on her/its/their mission spontaneously. As the Solomothen, to object nothing, 
has also Cistolo Khan gives his/its approval. It succeeds to approach Bre the 
Solomothen and gets to know the people of the sea-It-inhabitants through 
numerous conversations more and more well. The PERLAMARIN I still visits 
numerous other people, before she/it finally turns to Arkon I. Bre Tsinga is 
always the restrained observer, who never appears officially with the 
conversations of the Solomothen, to maintain about their neutrality. If Bre 
possibly spends the time in the life-area of the Solomothen always. A 
particular protection-suit allows to swim safely with the Solomothens. It is 
her/it/them even possibly to learn something about the water-dances of the 
Solomothen and already soon Bre can imitate first gestures and can clearly make 
the Solomothen for itself. After the PERLAMARIN I has completed her/its/their 
mission, the ship approaches a venue in order to unite close to M13 with the 
remaining ships of the Solomothen fleet. Despite the knowledge of Bre Tsingas 
presence, that is citizen of the LFT after all, the Arkonidens give the 
Solomothens the approach-authorization. After some Überlichtetappens, the ships 
are put by an awake-fleet of the Arkoniden however. The commander of the fleet 
gives himself/itself authoritarian and orders a search of the Solomothen ships. 
The Solomothens are confused over holding back of the Arkoniden admitteldly, 
follows Bre Tsingas advice however to behave waiting for. The inspection causes 
unexpected difficulties for the still undetected blues however. The Gataser 
troop is taken up and is arrested. It was betrayal in the game, because the 
knowledge of the Arkoniden is different not to explain. Although the 
Solomothens may more-fly, the relationship clearly cools down to the 
Arkonidens. As the ships finally reach Arkon I, becomes the Solomothens, that 
opens it an aftermath respecting the Gataser will give. Bre Tsinga is alerted 
on the highest. 

In the southern periphery of M13: Kamurte, a descendant of the Neuarkoniden, 
achieves his/its service on the arkonidischen awake-fort AKX-13-S. Kamurte 
takes care of an additional-department of the long-distance-orientation and 
becomes continuous, like all other crewmembers of AKX-13-S, through practice 
drills of the commander disciplined. Kamurte is informed about the arkonidische 
history very well. His/its knowledge extends from the time before the big 
empire to the modern time. His/its special contempt is for the Terranerns, that 
have influenced the future Arkons as upstarts of the galaxy so persistently. 
Although is armed AKX-13-S very well and can call a protection-fleet anytime, 
even Kamurte becomes nervous, as begins to emerge a fleet of 3000 
blues-navigating on his/its Ortern. The blues declare to belong to the 
delegation of the Gataser and to be on invitation of the Imperators Bostrich to 
the galactic conference on the way. The commander of AKX-13-S doesn't admit the 
approach of the ships and it comes tensions to defuse them/her/it itself first, 
as a strong Arkonflotte appears near the awake-fort. 

Camelot: Also on Camelot, the invitation is heard Bostrichs. Homer G. of Adam, 
Atlan, Ronald Tekener and Dao-Lin-H'ay discuss the political situation of the 
Milky way and the composition of the Camelot delegation for Mirkandol. Adam's 
suggestion first falls on Atlan as delegation-leaders, that must refuse from 
comprehensible reasons however. The relationship of his/its compatriots is 
still tarnished by the rumors about the death of the Imperatrice Theta of 
Ariga. Atlan, that has never proven his/its innocence publicly, is still 
regarded on Arkon as undesirable person. The election finally falls on Ronald 
Tekener. Ronald insists steed on the assistance of Dao-Lin-H'ay and the 
Siganesen domino. The Cameloters agree on it to give up each more 
Imponiergehabe and to send out the GILGAMESCH to the conference merely. (Almost 
each participating people has remember a big fleet) according to the unanimous 
opinion of the 4 immortals is it, that the leading races advance the endeavors 
for a new Galaktikum at present, actually remarkable. The knowledge over the 
organization Thoregon and her/its/their opponent Shabazza is still fresh 
general-property and the memory at the deadly threat through Goedda. 

Kamurte is still moved during the negotiations with the blues of the station 
AKX-13-S on the Patroullienschiff RHENKON. The transfer has Kamurte his/its 
good performances to owe. Kamurte finds the way around freely in his/its new 
surroundings and reports the orientation of a single ship already soon. It is 
the GILGAMESCH, the flagship of the Cameloter. The commander of the RHENKON 
kontaktet the GILGAMESCH, for which recognizing itself/themselves Ronald 
Tekener as more diplomatically emissary cares. The Arkonidens don't acknowledge 
the status of the ship however and don't ask Tekener to leave an arkonidisches 
examination-command on board. As more arkonidische Wachschiffes arrive, Tekener 
agrees. Still during the inspection the diplomatic status of the GILGAMESCH is 
confirmed and the Arkonidens retreat, however not without a small restriction. 
Only the KENNON, the module under the command of Ronald Tekener may more-fly to 
Arkon I. After a short tour to the galaxy-much known splendor-constructions 
Arkons, his/its quarters covers Tekener and his/its team in Mirkandol. The 
installation leaves no wishes frankly and the Arkonidens have thought seemingly 
of all matters of her/its/their visitors. While Ronald and Dao over the 
verzwickte, political situation discusses, domino begins steed to check the 
quarters under Ausschöpfung of all technical possibilities for Abhöranlagen - 
unsuccessful. 

The central building Mirkandols, and simultaneously chamber of the new 
Galaktikums is a 800 meters high funnel-construction with a style-diameter of 
80 meters. The funnel-construction does the impression, as if he/it consists of 
one single, gigantic crystal. From outside opaque, the construction offers from 
inside an impressive outlook on the installations Mirkandols. Contrary to the 
usual, upward opened architecture, the Arkonidens have introduced a massive 
conclusion-blanket in this construction. Alone 60 floors of the 
funnel-construction are intended as workrooms of the delegations. The big 
auditorium lies in the upper center of the funnel. The cover-height amounts to 
approximately 300 meters. The entire meeting-place is emphasized furnished. The 
places of the deputy can specifically be furnished on the needs of the 
different people. One didn't save like in the workrooms of the delegations at 
technical expenditure. Translatoren, Holoprojektionens and other 
communication-helps provide a trouble-free communication between the people. 

At the 24. May 1290 NGZS is the day of the consolidating meeting. Cistolo Khan, 
acting for the LFT, lifts with Tekener contact shortly. The LFT commissioner 
would like to sound out, whether Camelot is his/its galactic position ready to 
give price. Tekener puts Cistolo in outlook that this will happen in connection 
to the foundation of the new Galktikums. On the convention-day is almost all 
known people of the galaxy represents. Only the Linguiden and Haluters has 
remember no deputies. The Linguiden, because they want to keep out from the 
galactic politics and the Haluter, because they would first like to wait for 
the consolidation of the Galaktikums. The opening-speech, probably stages, is 
held by a projection of the Imperators Bostrich. Many of his/its words, even 
Tekener must agree, nevertheless a certain mistrust sticks. The end-applause is 
rather held back, since the impersonal appearance displease many deputies 
through a Holoprojektion. Bostrich, since the assassination on Theta of Ariga 
no longer personally in the public appeared, doesn't break also on such an 
important day with his/its principle. 

After the address, Tekener of Cistolo Khan experiences, that the Solomothen and 
Bré was sent Tsinga to the LFT delegation, therefore not from the Arkoniden 
arrestierts became. It exists was arrested reason to the worry about the 30 
caught Gatasers that of the Arkonidens with the search of the Solomothen ship 
however. In it exists political dynamite and the Gataser already has indicated 
not that she/it this topic for settled holds. 

Far from from the running events, the RHENKON receives operates an encoded 
telephone call from Arkon I. Kamurte, that has known long ago, that his/its 
ship in the area of the LFT directly, is on the extreme tense as he/it from 
his/its commander that experiences the RHENKON the legendary planets of Camelot 
approaches and should subjugate. The Arkonidens notice late first that they 
have mounted a trap Tekeners, the during a conversation with Cistolo Khan 
untrue coordinate has relayed. The touch of the RHENKON on Outpost 12 proves 
after all that the Arkonidens have installed an Abhörsystem on Mirkandol. 
Dao-Lin-H'ayses discover domino steed and Tekener after hints with 
Nanotechnologie prepared room-planting, that was planted in each residence and 
throughout the parks. With help of the manipulated plants, the Arkonidens can 
each conversation of the delegations belauschen. With this knowledge as 
leverages, Tekener reaches with Sargor of Progeron the acknowledgment Camelots 
and the release of the imprisoned Gataser. The more, he/it demands to remove 
the arkonidischen secret service-boss on the plants completely. During Tekener 
itself over his/its success can please the RHENKON of own associations is 
destroyed. Only Kamurte survives the attack of his/its own fleet and can do 12 
on Outpost an emergency landing. He/it becomes from a Terraner in, the only 
personnel of the Camelot outside-station in reception taken. 

18. April 1290 NGZS: Braxen, an upstart of the Hamaraden dictatorship and 
commander of the ROPICA is extremely distinction-addicted and ambitious. He/it 
has sat down in the head to find out the secret of the COMPANY and to localize 
the base of this mysterious organization. Later, if it is about time, Braxen 
would report his/its catch at the headquarters of the Hamaraden-Diktatur. The 
coincidence comes the Hamaraden to the help, as he/it can intercept the coded 
radio-reputation of the Hamaraden agent Teiskoll. Therefore, the agent has 
succeeded in hiding a Peilsender in a delivery of Howalgonium - a station, that 
is certainly betrayed the home-basis of the COMPANY by his/its signals,.... 

Alashan, Thorrtimer-System,: Stendal Navajo baptizes a new ship of the nation 
Alashan, that ALVAREZ. From the parts the breaks up 200 meters of Raumers 
SHUMAN and the also unairworthy ALVAREZ a new, area-proficient ship could be 
assembled. The general-out-of-date ALVAREZ traverses 280 meters and should be 
put Alashan as second Handelsraumer of the nation in service. Despite this 
success, the nation remains Alashan a vulnerable structure and Navajo devotes 
itself no illusions. Also 2 Raumers are not yet enough in order actually to 
protect the small nation of the dispersed Terraner from threats. As the 
GOOD-HOPE III of her/its/their trade mission comes back on Kristan, she/it 
brings some unexpected passengers. Perry Rhodan, Reginald Bull and the 
survivors of the KAURRANG have joined the Terranerns after her/its/their 
odyssey through DaGlausch. 

Despite open joy over the meeting, the reception of the immortal is rather 
cooler. Also the following discussions Rhodans with Stendal Navajo doesn't 
proceed like wished. On Rhodans request, to leave one of the two ships the 
immortal, doesn't enter Navajo at all. Rhodan would like to continue the search 
after the SOL as quickly as possible, before the ship DaGlausch possibly leaves 
again. Despite his/its arguments, Rhodan finds no hearing with Navajo. At the 
same time, technician Alashans begins to examine the carried along 
Howalgoniumblöckes and discovers the hidden Peilsender of the Hamaraden. Gia de 
Moleon decides to put the system into alert and regrets that the ALVAREZS and 
the GOOD-HOPE III have already started to trade missions again. 

Braxen has amounted the Thorrtimer-System as sources of the Peilsignale in the 
meantime. He/it is first surprised, the system immediately approaches however 
then. The Dscherro Raumers in the Orbit about Thorrim let the Hamaraden 
hesitate shortly, as they don't answer his/its radio-telephone calls however, 
he/it contributes the ROPICA on Thorrim further. Meanwhile, a mutiny looms the 
personnel of the ROPICA. 3 leading officers plan the rebellion and want to put 
down Braxen. A thorn is the Hamaradens the methods as well as the willful 
action of her/its/their commander in the eye. You/they grasp to kill 
her/its/their commander the plan therefore and to take on even the leadership 
of the ship. 

On Alashan, one observes all flight-movements of the Hamaraden-Schiffes with 
most outer taut-ness. Also Rhodan and Bull can add the strategy Navajos nothing 
more - and that is called at the moment waits for and hopes Alashan on the 
camouflage. While Gia de Moleon urges on her/its/their production-leader, that 
works for the crisis-case " Robinson " at a secret project, Navajo reaches for 
the case of the discovery for the last straw. He/it calls all attainable 
Terraner and Thorrimers to the TLD-Tower, that he/it would like to put in the 
case of a direct threat through the Hamaraden under a Paratronschirm. During 
one in the automatic factory suppressed at the completion of a secret 
provisional arrangement works, Navajo gets ready for the worst case. 

On the ROPICA, an unexpected turn emerges for the mutineers at present. Braxen 
has known about the rebellion and for his part elite-fighter posts. The 
mutineers go the commander into the trap and will execute unmerciful. The 
rebellion of the Hamaraden against her/its/their commander is finished, before 
he/it has begun right. Braxen wastes no time with the dead rebels and devotes 
itself to the shrinking orientation-results. The Hamaradenschiff snatches 
strange energy-orientations from a remote part of the Thorrimer capital on it 
shortly. As Braxen his/its ship over the said district positioniert, a 
protection-umbrella flares up him/it unknown structure suddenly. Under the 
umbrella, thousands natures have gathered, what kind of Braxen is a sign for it 
that the umbrella must have an enormous defensive-potential. Nevertheless 
decides to reveal the Hamarade the fire on the energy-bell. The Paratronschirm 
withstands the fire of the Hamaraden-Schiffes admitteldly, however the worry of 
the Terraner is for the unprotected parts Alashans and the capital of the 
Thorrimer. 

Suddenly as the Hamaraden-Schiff turns off and a near downs takes in a 
demonstration under fire, the Terraner ns, that want to cremate the Hamaraden 
as next the city of the Thorrimer, become clear. In order to bind the foreign 
ship still, Gia de Moleon decides her/its/their single 10 mini - Space-Jets, to 
confuse to ausschleusen about the opponent. Furthermore she/it puts down one in 
last minute completed, provisionally carriage installed one, that should offer 
the opponent Paroli. Rhodan, that is marked Robinson under the code-name the 
worst of all cases, experiences the discovery Alashans through an alien power. 
The carriage is a prototype of a trans-form-cannon, that must still be served 
manually. While the 10 Space-Jetses of the TLD-Towers deflect the 
Hamaraden-Schiff, Mika Bloom brings the carriage in position. Shrewd only one 
single attempt, to have, Bloom goes on the total. The only at the moment 
available bomb detonates in the ship of the Hamaraden and it falls. 

While the fight strives toward on his/its climax, Rhodan takes a quiet in the 
TLD-Tower, mentales laughter was. In the hope, to have found contact with IT, 
Rhodan extends shortly back and concentrates on the voice in his/its thought, 
however unsuccessful. Rhodan is certainly itself no longer, whether he/it had 
to do it with IT, or only with somebody of that like IT laughs. 

As the Hamaradenschiff has fallen over Thorrim, TLD-Agentens penetrate into the 
wreck an and seeks after survivors. You/they find Braxen and some other 
Hamaraden in the headquarters of the ship. Before somebody can intervene, 
Braxen suicide commits. Important for the Terraner Alashans is the certainty, 
that the Hamaradens could put down no more Notruf, to call about other ships. 

As all-clear is given for the Terraner for the time being, Rhodan speaks, 
his/its actual concern renews at. If no ship is already available, then he/it 
wants to try at least to approach one of the peripheral-planets of Zophengorn. 
Maybe, the vibration-researchers can help. To the big surprise of Rhodans, king 
Markee puts a his/its ships for the passage to the disposal. The former 
personnel of the KAURRANG decides soon preferably, to leave. 

Perry Rhodan auditions with Gia de Moleon again. The immortal requires support 
for his/its search after the SOL and in the fight against SHABAZZA desperately. 
Gia de Moleon only gets involved after longer discussion in a compromise. Even 
if Rhodan still receives no one of the two ship Alashans, so Gia de Moleon 
stops at least 3 TLD-Spezialistens to Rhodan company. Nico Knobloch, with 
specialty biology, medicine and chemistry, Trabzon Karett, specialist for 
Positroniken and finally Monkey, Oxtorner TLD-Spezialist and from Gia de Moleon 
specifically instructs the interests to represent Alashans at Rhodans mission. 
Gia de Moleon makes clear from the beginning that she/it won't agree Benjameen 
of Jacintas an use and refers on his youth and enthusiasm. Rhodan agrees to all 
conditions reluctantly and specifically has worries about the Oxtorner Monkey. 
Rhodan must give serious thought also to Mondra Diamond. Mondra doesn't 
experience the Rhodan she/it on the use-list leads. She/it feels skipped and 
asks Rhodan to consider his/its decision - with success. 

At the 23. April 1290 NGZS breaks a linsenförmiges trading ship of the 
Thorrimer after Meihtard VI open, a Venus-big jungle-world at the edge of the 
prohibited area Zophengorn. Rhodan hopes itself to can advance after Zophengorn 
from there to crave Eismer Störmengords about the support. All members of 
Rhodans team were equipped with TLD-Ausrüstung before. 

Zophengorn: Eismer Störmengord has learned about the death of a member of the 
vibration-researchers of board of directors and has decided to apply for the 
office of the director. He/it is refused abruptly, since Eismer has still 
endured no vibration-custody personally. The Goldner finds this 
application-criterion extremely backward, yes even carelessly, since a person 
has survived the one vibration-custody according to his/its opinion only to 
mark as mentally delicate is. In Eismer begins to ripen thoughts to the 
reformation of the guild. The Eklat occurs with a public hearing of the only 
admitted candidate. Eismer crosses the rostrum, proclaims his/its candidacy and 
denounces the procedure of the guild. The Goldner criticizes the uneffiziente, 
uncoordinated action of the guild and demands reforms. 

Differences occur also on board the Handelsraumers, with which Rhodans use-team 
approaches Zophengorn. As Mondra Diamond of Monkeys former affiliation 
experiences to the TLD-Abteilung " 0 ", she/it brings the Oxtorner to the 
account. The department " 0 " was dissolved after the assumption of office of 
Paola Daschmagan and had the task earlier to enforce aimed assassinations in 
the interest of the mankind. Mondra simply calls Monkey killers. Rhodan brings 
Monkey for his/its past to the account, accepts the Oxtorner despite some moral 
misgivings however. Misgivings, that has relativized itself and are to be 
discussed therefore heavily. 

Eismer Störmengord has survived his/its appearance safely meanwhile, if one 
refrains from a small injury at the arm, that a found listener has taught 
him/it. The Goldner considers his/its more strategy. He/it had necessarily to 
speak with the 9 remaining directors, because only they are stimmberechtigts. 
Over contacts, Eismer succeeds in meeting with Fouwan. Fouwan is 8 a director 
and gets Eismer, that he/it thinks of the Reformation-plans of the Goldners 
little, ready. Nevertheless, he/it puts Eismer on the list of the admitted 
candidates. Fouwan gives the vibration-researcher little hope, because the 
remaining directors stick strictly to the Regularien and would choose him/it on 
no case. Eismer decides to look for the conversation with all directors and has 
the opportunity soon to teach another director of his/its plans. The director, 
a Campaneii, listens to Eismers ideas and leaves the area silently then. The 
more the Goldner insight receives into the structure of the board of directors, 
the more, a strange feeling rises in Eismer, a feeling that him/it plainly 
says: Something is not correct here. 

Eismer sleeps very restlessly in the following night and awakens by a strange 
appearance. A Lamuuni appears in his/its cubicle! Eismer immediately recognizes 
the rare bird. The animal lingers a moment in Eismers cubicle, then 
teleportiert it on another energy level. On the following days, Eismer gets to 
know all directors, all with exception of director 10. 

Perry Rhodans use-team has reached mitlerweise the ring of Zophengorn. With a 
gornischen ferry, the Terraners of the Rekrutenstadt approach close to the 
brown dwarf Kamarr. The Rekrutenstadt is a freely in the universe hovering, 
platform-good construction, on which candidates are received to the 
vibration-researcher-office. During the approach at the station, Mondra Diamond 
recognizes her/its/their love for Perry Rhodan. The former TLD-Agentin becomes 
aware of her/its/their feelings for the immortal, believes to stand with 
respect to a hopeless situation however. 

As Logiden dresses up, the Terraners begin themselves to procure access over 
the specialist Trabzon Karett on the central Ring-Positronik. Trabzon succeeds 
the Terranern legitimations in producing, that they deport as advanced novices 
in the third year. The Terraners begin increasingly to look for Eismer 
Störmengord now. Again and again, discussions occur between Mondra and Monkey, 
that finally stops Rhodan finally. The ring of Zophengorn is formed from 10 
freely hovering stations. Between the stations, trans-Z-enclosing regulate the 
connection-traffic that is oval spheres that place for 10-20 persons offers. In 
order to find Eismer Störmengord, the Terraners must fall back on this 
transportation-system. After a flip about Zophengorn, Karett succeeds in 
finally localizing Störmengord. As Rhodan looks for the Goldner, he/it is 
surprised over the unexpected visit pleases. He/it reports Rhodan of his/its 
election campaign-efforts and from it, that shortly the election day before 
stands. During the " time of the silence ", a 10 tägigen silence-menstruation 
before the actual election day, Eismer grants the Terranerns the request to 
approach that area-sector of DaGlausch, where the SOL was finally sighted after 
information of the Helioten. The search becomes, almost already as expected, 
completed unsuccessfully. 

During the flight, Mondra and Rhodans come themselves near. The immortal 
doesn't whiten Mondra back admitteldly, he/it emphasizes that a love affair 
during the forthcoming, dangerous use however refuses. Both now know about 
her/its/their reciprocal love and Rhodan, it must admit itself that Mondra 
occupies a big part of his/its thoughts. The question remains open, whether 
Mondra of the partnership has grown with an immortal - a question that itself 
before all Rhodan itself puts. 

As Eismer comes back at the election day after Zophengorn, the Goldner of the 
result is shocked. He/it gets no single voice of the 9 living, 
stimmberechtigten directors. Eismer tends the suspicion, that was influenced 
the election, his/its assumption cannot prove however. Another communication 
provides unrest. Eismers single rival candidate has not endured the 
stress-burden before the election and suicide commits. Although Eismer is the 
only remaining candidate on the director-station, he/it is not accepted by the 
board of directors. It seems, as if somebody is interested in the background in 
accepting no motivated reformers into the rows of the board of directors. The 
Goldner takes the result dejected to the knowledge. 

Despite all relapses, the Terranerns finally become fündigs afterall. From the 
Ring-Positronik, Karett of a mysterious " Kugelraumer-Legende " experiences 
them/her/it it on a world by the name of Tujo should give. Rhodan decides to 
address Eismer in regard to it. 

Eismer Störmengords ship GLIMMERS heads for the Tup-System. Goal is Tujo, his 
inhabitants should look after a " Kugelraumer-Legende " after information from 
the Ringpositronik Zophengorns, the planet. Rhodan, that looks for tracks of 
the SOL, can persuade the Goldner with small, technical financial contributions 
to support the search. 

As approaches the GLIMMERS of Tujo, she/it can locate no radio-traffic or 
strong energy-producers. Tujo seems to be a technically strongly retarded 
world. Has only thinned out to locate manipulations of the gravity, probably 
Antigravgeräte, that can have been developed by the Tujokans however 
impossibly. With the touch on the planet, one grasps the GLIMMERS by an 
obsolete orientation-system once, that itself after a syntronischen analysis to 
the surprise Rhodans as obsolete, terranisches Model puts out. Although Eismer 
is skeptical and doesn't believe in a Kugelraumer on Tujo, holds on to lift 
Rhodan at his/its plan with the Tujokan contact. 

What is not know the Terraner and the Goldner to this time, that there are 
specifically trained fighters, who wait for only the arrival of visitors from 
the universe, for Tujo. The so-called " Todeskämpfers " train since centuries 
for the opportunity to prove itself/themselves in the fight against alien 
visitors and specifically train for this case. A belief of the Tujokan, that 
means, become land reason for the existence of this aggressive fighter-troop 
space travelers the one day on Tujo to punish about the Tujokan for an offense, 
that lies far in the past. About which offense it itself with it in the detail 
deals, is known to not once the trainers of the " Todeskämpfer ". The 
Todeskämpfers are equipped only with simplest arms admitteldly, is ready 
her/its/their life for sacrificing in the fight however. One of the 
Todeskämpfer is the Tujokan Przondzu. 

As penetrates the GLIMMERS into the atmosphere of Tujos, the Terraners grasp a 
planetenumspannendes communication-system. Over mirrors, that hang at long 
hawsers, blinkers of mirror are relayed to mirror. A type of Morse-code is used 
for the transfer. For Tujo, there are numerous settlements, that stretch over 
the entire planet. As approaches the GLIMMERS of the capital, all 
mirror-signals would go out suddenly. 

As the Terraner will land her/it/them from a delegation of the Tujokan in 
reception taken. The Tujokans descend from former water-inhabitants and show 
certain similarities with the Logidenmaskens of the Terraner. The first contact 
proceeds outdistances and works out extremely coolly particularly from sides of 
the Tujokan. As the Terraners are loaded to a meal, Mondra determines that with 
a probe the food with a strongly toxic poison is mixed. As Bull discovers a 
holographic illustration of a human skull and addresses the Tujokan in regard 
to it, the bad negotiation-climate tilts completely. The Terraners leave to 
touch the meeting without the offered foods and fly back with the carried off 
hologram to the GLIMMER. 

Eismer Störmengord has collected probes ausgeschleust and over 10000 
data-points of the surface of Tujos meanwhile, however, to get without a hint 
on a Kugelraumer. Merely a probe delivered reminds the image of a sculpture 
with a " spindle ", that removes, at a terranische weapon. The picture Eismers, 
the poison-attack of the Tujokan and the bizarre " pate hologram " is enough 
reason for Rhodan to continue the search. 

As Rhodan and Mondra renews to take the ship abandoned about the strange " 
spindle " in appearance, they put surprises solidly that it is about the top of 
a Transformkanonen-Abstrahlspindel. The basis-material is from Terkonitstahl 
and consequently another proof that it on Tujo a terranisches ship must give. 

During Rhodan and Mondra further after tracks seeks, Tautmo Aagenfeld commits 
an ominous mistake. The physicist, itself not in the clear over the possible 
dangers, turns off the Pikosyn of his/its suit to remedy about a problem of 
his/its Logidenmaske. As he/it is attacked suddenly by a " Todeskämpfer ", 
he/it cannot activate the protection of the Seruns. The hit of the fighter 
steals him/it the consciousness. Also Rhodan and Mondras become aware on 
numerous Tujokan, that she/it on her/its/their way belauern. As the two scan a 
cordon with her/its/their Serunses, they discover an industry-complex hidden in 
the jungle. After short examination, they find an entry, an Antigravröhre 
leading downward! As Rhodan can discover no protection-systems, the two 
Terraners dare the entry. In a foyer at the foot of the Antigravschachtes, they 
finally become fündigs. The fragment of a Korvetten-Hülle lies before them! 
After Rhodan is still examined the parts of a dismantled Reinigungsrobots the 
situation plainly. The wreck was a corvette of the SOL! 

The radio-news, that was overpowered Aagenfeld of Tujokan fighters, bursts 
middles in Rhodans discovery. As Rhodan contact lifts with the fighters, who 
hold the physicist as hostage, the intent of the Tujokan becomes clear. 
You/they want to get her/its/their hand on the GLIMMERS and want to destroy. 
Rhodan offers to send at a negotiator. The Tujokan, that already believes, 
another hostage to, to receive into the hand, sees been mistaken heavily, as 
Monkey of the Oxtorner turns off the begun Todeskämpfers through his/its pure 
body-strengths and frees Aagenfeld. After this defeat, the " conductors ", 
which form the state-power on Tujo, finally volunteer for conversations. 

About the conductors, Rhodan learns the history of the Kugelraumer wreck: A 
long time ago the corvette landed on Tujo, that mans itself Korrago from 
swarthy natures named. The Korragos began to be based subterranean Kavernen on 
Tujo and shielded the country-area weiträumig. As the corvette of a day started 
again, a short however vehement kettle-vibration put down one, that damaged the 
Kugelraumer and had fallen, presumably. The Korragos prohibited the Tujokan 
under threat of the death itself the wreck to bring closer. As the Korragos 
were finally picked up by a second Kugelraumer, they left behind the wreck. The 
Tujokans lost the fear before the wreck little by little and began to examine 
the technical facilities and to cannibalize. From fear before penalty through 
the Korrago, the Tujokans called the Todeskämpfer later in the lives, because 
the water-natures were no longer ready the won technical achievements to hand 
over. 

Rhodans request, to may examine the Kavernen, becomes instead of given, brings 
no new realizations however. Only the name of those swarthy natures remains as 
track. As Eismer questions the shelf-calculator of the GLIMMERS, he/it gets a 
hint on the Century-Sektor as feedback, a section in DaGlausch that especially 
many lived in systems comprises. 

As last possibility decides the Terraner Eismers proposal to follow and to 
question the Ringpositronik of Zophengorn. Tujo leaves the GLIMMERS and reaches 
the headquarters of the vibration-researchers already soon. To the big surprise 
of Trabzon Karetts, the Positronik owns no information. The suspicion of a 
manipulation of the mainframe becomes always more likely. Someone wants to blur 
the tracks of the SOL obviously and this somebody must be Shabazza. 

While Perry Rhodan in DaGlausch continues his/its search after the SOL, fairy 
is Kellind to knot III with the GOOD HOPE about for Alashan new trade relations 
on the way. This time, the way leads removes her/it/them after Kre'Pain, a very 
particular planet, 479 light-years of the Thorrtimer-System. The inhabitants, 
named Kre'Painer, Intelligenzens be that half vegetable half organic origin. 
For Kre'Pain, there are several big settlements, named " trunks ", that simply 
become durchnumerierets from the natives to the differentiation. As the 
terranische trade-delegation under leadership of fairy " approaches trunk 4 ", 
the appliances of the terranischen glider register auftreffende 
committee-orientation-impulses. That would not be remarkable further, that 
would become itself, orientation-technology would not use all previous, in 
DaGlausch found standards, as thinks far proves. That would use 
orientation-appliance possesses even a much higher technical standard as that 
in DaGlausch offered, terranische ZZ-89 Orters. Fairy, whom one doesn't have to 
do it with the natives, derives consequently but with unknown, that act 
unrecognized on Kre'Pain. 

In order to make not the unknown on it alertly, that one has measured 
her/its/their orientation-impulse, it abstains to find fairy the location of 
the installation on it, since such an attempt could be registered by the 
strangers on the other hand. Fairy doesn't believe in it, that the Kre'Painers 
of the presence of the stranger know, since the technology spread in DaGlausch 
cannot perceive such an orientation-impulse. 

After fairy has finished the trade with the Kre'Painerns successfully, the 
glider is renewed on the return flight scanned. Fairy commits an ominous 
mistake and passes some probes, that should serve as Peilhilfe for the unknown 
location of the orientation-station, from. The unknown respond promptly and 
with incomprehensible hardness. First, the probes are shot down, shortly after 
it Fee's gliders, the close to a Eisgletscher falls. Fairy, whom the unknown 
hide behind an orientation-protection developed extremely far, can determine 
exactly. 

The crash of the glider brings fairy two badly casualties crewmembers an and 
the radio-connection to the GOOD HOPE of III cannot be produced. Fairy suspects 
aimed harassments of the unknown and decides to undertake even something 
against the hostile gun-position. That injuring and two more agents is left 
behind at the crash-position. 

As Fees command approaches the alleged station carefully, the supposition 
becomes more substantial to do it with a Robotstation to have. Working the 
defense-reactions of the foreign station, that immediately opens the fire after 
ascension of a crewmember with the Antigravgeschirr, programs. It is not about 
an inzelnes gun but about a whole group of gun-positions obviously either that 
shields something unknown in the center. 

After several collisions occur with foreign spy-probes, two swarthy natures, 
that immediately attack Fees group, appear. A communication-attempt fails. It 
turns out. The unvermeidbaren fight, with which the Terraners must defend 
her/its/their life, occurs. Although the Schwarzhäutigen Fremden prove to be 
tough fighters, they are subject to the TLD agents and finally turn off. 

As the Terraners examine one of the dead person strangers, they determine 
perplexed that they have to do it with an Androiden. The body of the swarthy 
partially consists of organic, partially from artificial elements. The bones of 
the stranger are formed from a condensed special-plastic and the brain becomes 
see through from a network of electronic components. 

As the Alashaners advance in direction of the station further, the unknown 
apply another technology to turn off about the Terraner. You/they begin to 
manipulate the Syntroniken of the Seruns and find a way obviously, that to 
handle Paratronschirm her/its/their manipulating impulses. Tessa Mundises and 
Saffar Aguila are killed by the explosion of her/its/their suit. Also the other 
Serunses show heavy faulty-circuits. Before also these explode, the Terraners 
of the suits can dispose. Unprotected, only in the property of her/its/their 
handguns, the Terraners see renew itself attacking strangers opposite. The 
fight works out as extremely difficult. Cold and the rough surroundings do to 
manage the Terraner n heavily, nevertheless the TLD agents assert themselves 
against the aggressors. As a critical meeting occurs with a Mehrarmigen 
Dunkelhäutigen, apparently a modified fight-version of the Androiden, 
sacrifices to escape Lethos SeGurea about the rest of the glider-personnel. 

After the Alashaner Lethos SeGureas have buried and no more attack takes place, 
they finally come upon the station of the unknown. It is. The penetration 
proves despite a carried off code-giver to be impossible, since the entrances 
are secured with additional swollen-fields. For the completely exhausted 
Terraners, only the way back remains to the fallen glider. 

As Fee's group reaches the glider, they, that have achieved the unidentified 
unmitigated job also here, determine - no one of the left behind has survived. 
In the glider-wreck, the survivors find to regenerate at least warm clothing 
and concentrate-food about itself. Better equipped comes back the group to the 
station of the stranger and can remove the swollen-fields after some time with 
help of the carried along equipment. Searching of the station first proceeds 
disappointing and yields no serious realizations. Then, the team discovers an 
Antigravschacht of that into the depth leads. The Terraners discover one with 
high-tech equipped observation-station, the pictures from all settlements 
Kre'Pains delivers. In addition, fairy discovers a hologram, that shows the 
coordinates of over 1000 more stations in DaGlausch obviously. The danger for 
Alashan becomes fairy conscious right for the first time. Here, one had run 
into an extremely dangerous opponent, who all known people are think high in 
DaGlausch technically. 

It succeeds to turn off the anti-orientation-being-direction as well as the 
radio-sturgeon-station of the station and the GOOD HOPE, to call III. Fees 
group is rescued and the specialists of the GOOD HOPE of III search the foreign 
station for more hints. A self-destruction-circuit is activated when finishing 
reading of the information from the main-calculator. The only information that 
to this time can become finish reading the name of each swarthy Androiden or 
her/its/their builders: Korrago! 

The Terraners must retreat and must take a dead person Androiden as well as 
severed parts of the main-calculator on board. As the station explodes through 
the annihilation-circuit, also the calculator-fragment steps in the load room 
of the GOOD HOPE of III into the process an and damages the ship heavily. The 
GOOD HOPE of III begins to fall without drive on the Sonne Kre. In the last 
second, the defective Metagrav can be activated and fairy lets the ship with a 
Notschaltung into the hyper-area without knowing enters at which position of 
the universe her/its/their ship again will materialize. 

Puydor: Icho Tolot, Gucky and Julian Tifflor has escaped Michael Rhodan, the 
new general of the Jii'Nevever, through one Teleportersprung of the 
Handelsraumers MAJJETT on board only barely. The owner of the ship is 
Hotch-Kotta, a dealer from the people of the Koraw. Hotch-Kotta first knows 
nothing of the presence of the 3 Galaktikers of his/its ship on board and still 
suffers his from the aftereffects many too up alcohol-gratification. Icho 
Tolot, Gucky and Julian Tifflor, to look for the headquarters of the MAJJETT, 
decides to discuss about itself with Hotch-Kotta. The Koraw is however much to 
lead a discussion too drunk about any. Tolot checks the course of the ship, 
which heads for the home-system of the Koraw. The 3 Galaktikers are correct not 
to alter the course of the ship in agreement and to warn the Koraw of 
Jii'Nevever. 

Lamboru-System: Ogal-Borstik carries the title Bagarn and the designated 
successor of the sovereign of Wanseroo is consequently. Ogal-Borstik is young, 
a little naughtily and behaves his/its future role completely in accordance 
with. As Ogal-Borstik through coincidence takes up a Koraw, that wants to 
smuggle his/its egg into the nest of another, noble clan, he/it lets the 
alleged swindler run. The attempt his/its offspring, to procure a fast ascent 
this way, the death sentence normally has to the consequence. However in this 
case, the Bagarn appears been correct mild and instructs the caught Koraw 
instead of hatching his/its egg the exchanged, noble egg. As shortly on it 
Ogal-Borstik to his/its father, the incumbent sovereign of the Koraws is 
called, the " Bygoon " reveals his/its son that he/it wants to entrust him/it a 
task. The Bygoon is troubled, because the contact is to the dealers of the 
Angeemo-Systems raggedly and comes back no one of the trading ships. The 
sovereign fears a danger, that reaches quietly and secretely for the planets of 
the Koraw. 

Curayo, Minzant-System,: Michael Rhodan, alias Roi Danton, now stands in the 
service of the dreamer of Puydor. He/it considers himself/itself general of the 
dreamer " admitteldly, stands under however also the influence of Shabazzas 
impulse-chip, that Icho Tolot, Gucky and Julian Tifflor fortunately could 
remove. As general, the dreamer of Puydor has assigned the EIDENGOORD to him/it 
as new flagship, a lentil-ship with 75 meters of length. Michael Rhodan is 
nevertheless unsatisfied. He/it asks for more power and a bigger fleet, about 
the goal Shabazzas, only to establish Jii'Nevevers power in Puydor and to reach 
for the Milky way then to can follow. Jii'Nevever expounds Michael Rhodan 
her/its/their plan, first bigger quantities, to deposit Tronium-Azint on the 
key-worlds of Puydors, to subjugate about the concerned people through the 
power of her/its/their dreams. The dreamer sees herself/itself in the 
advantage, since nobody is prepared in Puydor for the attack. 

The MAJJETT has reached the Lamboru-System in the meantime. The 3 immortals 
hope themselves support of the Koraws in the fight against Jii'Nevever. In 
order to avoid the bureaucratic Apperat of the Koraws, that an audience demands 
with the sovereign, Icho Tolot manipulates the administration-computer. As the 
Galaktikers appear before the palace of the sovereign, they are already 
expected by 4 Bewaffneten Koraws and Ogal-Borstiks. The Bagarn would like to 
arrest the immortals in no way but even escorts her/it/them to his/its father, 
the sovereign. There arrived, the immortals expound the Bygoon the danger that 
of Jii'Nevever goes out. The Bygoon, that is already informed about strange 
processes on some worlds of Puydors, promises the immortals his/its support and 
hands over them the OKKURA, a ship is alike type as the MAJJETT. Commander of 
the OKKURA is Ogal-Borstik, that Bagarn! The sovereign serves the immortal to 
use the OKKURA to warn Puydors about the most important people. Icho Tolot, 
Gucky and Julian Tifflor agrees the wish of the Bygoon and joins, that they 
want to exert also investigations over the verschollene Generationenschiff 
INTURA-TAR - that ship, with which Guu'Nevever vanished once. 

As the OKKURA starts she/it first flies Kinov, a planet of the Ginkoos at. The 
Ginkooses take the warning before Jii'Nevever admitteldly seriously, holds back 
to part itself with her/its/their Tronium-Azint however hesitantly, because the 
Schwingkristall still means big wealth. As the Ginkooses are still undecided, 
the immortals Konovs leave and approach Jonque-Tor, the meeting-place of the 
Rawwen. With Jonque-Tor, 17 wedge-ships of the Rawwen have already appeared and 
are quickly ready, with which OKKURA to enforce a conference. The immortals, 
that the Rawwens are already taught over working of Jii'Nevevers and were taken 
on 3 generation-ships by the dreamer, experienced. The Rawwens promise to lift 
the fight against Jii'Nevever admitteldly, her/its/their Generationenschiffes 
are not ready however to send into the fight. Icho Tolot with this opportunity, 
that operated the INTURA-TAR before her/its/their disappearance in the 
center-area of Puydor shortly, experiences. 

The OKKURA approaches the planets Irrif, on which environment-conformists 
Rawwens live, as next. The Iriffers refuse each contact however and expel the 
OKKURA from the system. Also another visit on a world of the Shuuken proceeds 
disappointing. 

Meanwhile, the power stretches Jii'Nevevers on and on. The dreamer gives 
her/its/their general the command the jungle-world to head for Ankorum. To 
Michael Rhodans surprise gives it no hint on a civilization on Ankorum. As 
he/it sends out a reconnaissance-ship to the planet, it is met with innumerable 
robots, that sit down after fire through Michael Rhodans reconnaissance-team to 
the weir. Michael Rhodan finally discovers a gigantic spaceship-shipyard, into 
which the dreamer lets ships of the same type manufactured like the sunk 
Vamiren, on Ankorum. A big fleet of powerful ships is already ready for Michael 
Rhodan. The general is now itself sure that no one of the people can face 
Puydors him/it contrary to more. 

Icho Tolot, Gucky and Julian Tifflor reaches a surprising radio-reputation on 
the OKKURA meanwhile. The Ginkooses arm the immortals 80 ready to make 
available club-ships in order to support her/it/them in the fight against 
Jii'Nevever. Together with the military leaders of the Rawwen and Ginkoos, the 
immortals work to organize a plan from a first defense. Ogal-Borstik beats to 
approach before the ball-star-pile of Roy'Camar in order to look for a 
mysterious people by the name of Na'Call. The Na'Call, also named " the 
untouchable ", should possess the rumors according to an oracle-ability and can 
see into the future. As the OKKURA the ball-star-pile comes reach it to the 
meeting with the " manners ". The Na'Calls prove to be natures from energy, 
that has over strong telepathic abilities. As the immortals, to formulate 
her/its/their question, is asked, Julian Tifflor inquires about the 
Generationenschiff INTURA-TAR and the whereabouts of Guu'Nevever. A 
telepatisches chaos takes place as answer. The Na'Calls escape and the contact 
breaks off. Also Gucky can produce him/it no longer telepatisch. The immortals 
decide to leave the ball-star-pile again for the moment and to fly to the 
Lamboru-System back. 

Curayo, Minzant-System,: Jii'Nevever has consolidated her/its/their power on 
Curayo and has enslaved the former Chronautens through the strength of 
her/its/their dreams. Everywhere on Curayo, members of the different people 
work Puydors on the rebuilding of the former center of her/its/their power. 
Michael Rhodan watches the total with mixed feelings. The general of the 
dreamer, that has become Shabazzas through the chip to the most loyal vassal of 
the unknown, sees the power-expansion Jii'Nevevers into the Milky way as first 
priority. The dreamer however first pursues her/its/their own goals and that 
is, to consolidate her/its/their power in Puydor. Instead of accepting Michael 
Rhodans the questions, she/it gives her/its/their general a new command. Rhodan 
should approach the ball-star-pile of Roy'Camar with 6 cross-navigating of the 
Varmiren and should conquer the planets Na'Call for the dreamer. Michael Rhodan 
nevertheless knows the many legends, that are spun about the same-named 
inhabitants of Na'Calls, he/it executes the command Jii'Nevevers. 

Icho Tolot, Gucky and Julian Tifflor has arrived in the Lamboru-System again 
and has experienced from the Koraw dealer Hotch-Kotta that he/it has found 
hints on the Generationenschiff INTURA-TAR. With the INTURA-TAR, Guu'Nevever is 
verschollen many thousand years ago once. The hints lead after Makkal, an 
insignificant edge-system in the periphery Puydors. The fourth planet of the 
system is called Farrangu. In the Polregionen Farrangus, there are numerous 
camp-places of noble-metals, that are too insignificant in her/its/their 
totality however, in order to be exploited. Many failed existences, with 
her/its/their search after the fast wealth on Farrangu stranded, the Orr-Sekte 
has fallen to the victim so. The Orr-Sekte, their leaders are put exclusively 
by Rawwen, admires Yammamihu, the alleged creator of the universe of that in 
the same center lives. This center is identical Puydor after the emptiness of 
the sect with the center of the galaxy. The life-ship of the Rawwen of Farrangu 
is the INTURA-TAR. 

As the 3 immortals Makkals reach, the information confirms themselves 
Hotch-Kottas. The ship can be amounted in the system. It is protected by a 
HÜ-Schirm similar field-umbrella. The original damages from the fight against 
the Varmieren were produced obviously again, however is now the INTURA-TAR 
essentially shorter than a normal life-ship of the Rawwen. The ship only shows 
a total-length of 650 meters. Obviously, big parts of the tip were shaved off 
with the fight against the Varmierenflotte. Since Gucky cannot jump the 
life-ship on board, the immortals land on Farrangu and try to win more 
information of the inhabitants. After some attempts, Gucky runs into a 
preacher, who is with it, to advertise new members for the Orr-Sekte. Gucky can 
the Rawwen convinces that he/it of the regular Neuzugang is and gets the 
promise of the Rawwen, that he/it picked up two days from a ferry at the 
area-harbor later and is brought to the INTURA-TAR. 

As Michael Rhodan in the job reaches Jii'Nevevers the planet of Na'Call, the 
inhabitants react to known way. As energy-natures spirits she/it through the 
ships and tries to ask the personnels for the reversion. As the general of the 
dreamer contributes the ships on the planet further, the telepatische pressure 
of the Na'Call becomes stronger. The influence Jii'Nevevers on the personnel 
proves as more strongly than the Psi-Impulse the Na'Call and Michael of Rhodan 
however reaches the planet with his/its small fleet without the one of the 
cross-ships turns back. Through massive threats, which lock up the destruction 
of the planet, Michael Rhodan forces the Na'Call into the retreat and can land 
on the planet. As the Na'Calls appear in her/its/their true, physical shape, 
Michael Rhodan experiences a surprise. The removes humanoiden creatures is 
hardly bigger than one meter. The small Sauerstoffatmers possess a greenish 
skin, know no body-clothing and are completely hair-free until on the 
head-hairs. Sex-characteristics are not to be decided on the first gaze. The 
skin works very thinly - at many positions of the body gleams fine Äderchen 
through. The Kopfbehaarung is very dense, long and becomes matted. 

After statements of the Na'Call, Michael Rhodan has landed on the continent 
Ace'Kyper. The Terraner discovers a gigantic fortress and more big 
constructions. The most important treasure of Na'Calls is the incredibly high 
occurrence at Tronium-Azint however. Michael Rhodan is speechless. He/it has 
found such quantities of the rare Minerals only on Curayo before. The Terraner 
recognizes the importance Na'Calls for Jii'Nevever. 

Shortly before Icho Tolot, Gucky and Julian Tifflor her/its/their plan on board 
the INTURA-TAR, to go, can move her/it/them the message the Michael Rhodan in 
the job Jii'Nevevers the planet Na'Call reach has approached. The immortals 
alter her/its/their plans and break with a mixed fleet, existing from units of 
the Ginkos and Rawwen instantaneously after Na'Call on. There, they are already 
expected by Michael Rhodan. As the situation already becomes critical for 
Michael Rhodan and is his/its cross-ship in reach of the guns of the attacking 
fleet, Jii'Nevever appears suddenly on Na'Call and slams with the power of 
her/its/their dreams. The biggest part of the attacking fleet emerges under 
influence of the dream-impulses. Icho Tolot, Gucky and Julian Tifflor can 
escape in last second. With the loss of the ally fleet and the conquest 
Na'Calls through the dreamer has suffered the 3 immortals a heavy defeat. 

Gucky, Icho Tolots and Julian Tifflor have escaped the attack with 
her/its/their ship Jii'Nevevers only barely. The planet of Na'Call was 
conquered by the dreamer and must become copy. As last possibility, the 3 
immortals decide to come back to the life-ship INTURA-TAR in order to get more 
valuable information over the past of Guu'Nevevers and maybe over the weapon, 
with which the Varmirens defeated the brother Jii'Nevevers once. 

As the ship of the immortal reaches the Makkal-System, the INTURA-TAR is to 
leave the system exactly in the departure. Shortly before the life-ship forces 
an entry into the hyper-area, it must relax the 5-dimensionalen shield. That is 
the moment for Gucky. With Icho Tolot and Julian Tifflor, the mouse-beaver 
jumps the INTURA-TAR, that leaves the Makkal-System on it shortly, on board. 
The 3 immortals immediately begin with the reconnaissance of the gigantic ship 
and meet with it on the Rawwen Pezzo-Orr soon. 

Pezzo-Orr, that carries the title " most upper Yamma guardians ", first 
considers Gucky a spirit because of his/its unexpected emergence, recognizes 
however quickly that it is with the mouse-beaver about a very real nature. As 
Icho Tolots and Julian Tifflor appear, Pezzo-Or through the sight of the 
Haluters, that grants the Rawwe the 3 Immortals access to a Spezialpositronik 
of the ship voluntarily, is intimidated so strongly. Goal of the immortal is to 
be gotten information over the past of the ship and the whereabouts of 
Guu'Nevevers..... 

From the past: ... ...Die INTURA-TAR is more than only one life-vessel of the 
Rawwen. Guu'Nevever considers the ship his/its operation-basis and uses it for 
all missions in the wideness Puydors. In the stern of the ship, there is a 
delimited area, equipped Tronium-Azint with plentiful, in which itself 
Guu'Nevever the most time over withdraws. One of his/its missions brings 
Guu'Nevever to the Gojomerns. The Gojomers are a promising people, that will 
occupy the position of the Nevever in Puydor in distant future maybe. Since 
Guu'Nevever knows, that the reputation of the higher powers will reach him/it 
and his/its sister of a day, he/it promotes the development of the Gojomer in 
accordance with. The preference of the Gojomer has not escaped also the 
Varmirens, bitter opponents Guu'Nevevers. Therefore it is logical that the 
Varmirens pick out themselves the Gojomer as potential goal for her/its/their 
actions. As Guu'Nevever after an alarm-news approaches the system of the 
Gojomer, it is already too late. Thousands cross-ships of the Varmiren have 
already attacked the planets of the system and have destroyed the cities and 
infrastructures. 

As Guu'Nevever with his/its dream-impulses wants to finish the battle, his/its 
efforts are ineffective. The Varmirens don't turn off but takes the life-ship 
under strong fire. The entire stern of the big ship is shaved off with it, 
exactly that area, in which Guu'Nevever has been. As the commander of the 
INTURA-TAR emerges the armed forces of the Varmiren, the ship is boarded and is 
caught the Rawwens living on board taken. Shortly before the commander of the 
INTURA-TAR of the aggressors is executed, the Rawwe experiences like 
Guu'Nevever of the Varmirens was outwitted. The Varmirens have simply unmanned, 
robotgesteuerte ships into the battle sent. This way, Guu'Nevever could 
organize nothing with his/its dream-impulses.... 

As Gucky, Icho Tolot and Julian Tifflor more information calls, they get 
another hint over the existence of a weapon against the dreamers. The Varmirens 
have constructed a so-called " Trozinator ", an appliance, that Tronium-Azint 
can load and becomes to a trap for the dreamers so. Caught once in a such, 
modified Tronium-Azint block, the dreamers can escape no longer. 

As researches the 3 immortal wider datum of the Spezial-Positronik, they 
experience the whole truth. Guu'Nevever was not killed by the explosion of the 
stern of the INTURA-TAR, but the dreamer has escaped over a Tronium-Azint 
bridge to the planet of the Gojomer. For the planet, there is a reserve at 
Tronium-Azint, that possibly does this escape. The Varmirens have reckoned with 
this reaction however and have loaded the Tronium-Azint with the Trozinator. As 
Guu'Nevever notices his/its mistake, it is already too late. The dreamer is in 
the trap. With last strength, he/it sends an impulse to Jii'Nevever, that is 
interpreted wrongly by the dreamer as Todesimpuls. 

Gucky, Icho Tolots and Julian Tifflor can find no more hints, that give 
Guu'Nevevers information over the whereabouts. The 3 immortals begin to suspect 
however, that the INTURA-TAR and the Yammamihu-Kult stand in a narrower context 
with the verschollenen dreamer, as they suspected to beginning. Gucky, Icho 
Tolots and Julian Tifflor decide to participate in the flight of the INTURA-TAR 
to the " center of the universe ". 

DaGlausch: The GOOD HOPE of III has entered the hyper-area with last energy 
reserve. The parts of the Korrago -Rechners carried along on board have 
strongly damages the ship through her/its/their explosion. It is only the 
resourcefulness of the personnel to owe, that the GOOD HOPE has not fallen III 
into the Sonne Kre. However the situation of the ship has hardly improved 
itself, because the strong damages let the GOOD HOPE almost strand III in the 
hyper-area. Into the last second, the ship falls back into the normal-area. 

Fairy Kellind must determine that her/its/their ship has become to a wreck. 
There are no energy and the most important installations is only value scrap 
metal. In the cover of the GOOD HOPE of III, big rips and it gape, numerous 
seriously injured gives on board. For the piece of information, that a new, 
until now unknown opponent numerous, secret stations in DaGlausch entertains, 
the Terraners have had to pay heavily. A first inventory illustrates the size 
of the catastrophe. The Hypertropzapfer and the Gravitrafspeicher, that have 
Antigravschächte without energy and the Fusionsmeiler, are put in the work 
destroyed. The GOOD HOPE of III is death like a " doornail ". By furnishing of 
some provisional arrangements, at least the living-conservation-systems can be 
gotten on uncertain time up. 

With a rest-trip of something more than 2 percentages of the speed of light, 
the GOOD HOPE drifts III into an unknown solar system in. As the personnel with 
poorly installed optical systems scans the nearer surroundings of the ship, the 
Terraners, that begin a Gasriese of the Jupitertyp, determine to influence the 
trajectory of the leaderless ship. The ship gets into the gravitational-area of 
the giant-planet. 

On Alashan, one begins to make itself/themselves for III worries over the 
whereabouts of the GOOD HOPE. The most recent incident with the 
Hamaraden-Schiff still puts all in the limbs. Worry does Stendal Navajo above 
all the short-term activated Notsender of the Hamaraden-Schiffes, that only 
fell silent through the explosion of the ship. If lured Hamaraden and Dscherro 
of the impulses, appears simultaneously in the Thorrtimer-System, then the 
small enclave of the Terraner has lost. But also the freight of the GOOD HOPE 
of III is from big importance. The high-energy-tax-elements are intended for 
more projects, that shall for the case Robinson vorbauen. As if this has been 
the keyword, one beats alarm the orientation-buoy scattered about the 
Thorrtimer-System..... 

On the GOOD HOPE of III, a catastrophe takes place after the other meanwhile. 
The Gasriese, on which the ship heads since long time, moves near and near. 
Fairy Kellind is even hurled by the explosion of a melting storage-bank by a 
leak of the outside-cover into the universe, can be gotten with a Zugstrahl on 
board again however. The machinist Tuck Mergenburgh, the desperately for the 
repair of important parts of the GOOD HOPE of III is required, is injured 
heavily and must become operate. The only, qualified doctor lies in deep 
unconsciousness and gets Fees on command under high risk into the life back. 
The attempt is successful. While Tuck is operated over 4 hours afterwards, the 
GOOD HOPE works III on board everywhere to rob the TLD-Agenten at least of some 
storage devices at the network again. An is all crewmembers clear however, it 
becomes a race with the time. 

The crisis-rod meets on Alashan meanwhile. The worst fears seem to prove to be 
true. 30 battleships of the Hamaraden have appeared in the Thorrtimer-System in 
order to search for the whereabouts of the shot down ROPICA. Mandreko Tars, 
that " Dscherro expert " on Alashan, one goes the still in the Orbit 
circulating, pristine Dscherro ship instantaneously on board. Mandreko now has 
the possibility to simulate a Dscherro with Holo-Technik deceptive genuinely. 
He/it can leave the ships driving in the Orbit furthermore execute movements 
distant-tax-technically and according to flight-maneuvers fake. " Taka Mandreko 
" immediately begins fills that with his/its ploy only one single purpose, that 
to hold Hamaraden of Thorrim distant. Mandreko declares under the holographic 
mask of the Dscherro chieftain, that to have shot down ROPICA and threatens the 
Hamaradens with annihilation. The war-minister of the Hamaraden falls for the 
Bluff and retreats with his/its ships. The Terranerns of Alashan, that become 
the reprieve for the former district Terranias more and more shortly, become 
however clear. 

Tuck Mergenburgh loses no time and begins to drive the works with it at an 
impromptu hyper-station and the field-engines in front. He/it succeeds in 
activating the engines for a short time, about which GOOD HOPE III a, to 
maneuver from the now dangerous near Gasriesen away little. Because of lacking 
proof-absorbers, the short acceleration-thrust becomes a hard test for the 
team. The maneuver succeeds. Tuck Mergenburgh falls renews in unconsciousness 
through the burden. If the GOOD HOPE is not rescued III either, so he/it has 
procured her/it/them a small period however. 

On Alashan, Gia de Moleon works out an emergency-plan meanwhile. Also the 
ALVAREZ, with mission on Kristan on the way, is now several hours overdue. Gia 
decides to charter Raumer of the Thorrimer and to approach Kristan as well as 
Kre'Pain in order to look for the missed ships. If the ships have not come back 
up to the midday of the day from her/its/their missions, the Thorrimers should 
start and should begin with the search. Furthermore, the plan shows an 
evacuation of the Terraner out of the city in order to risk not the life of the 
population with a possible attack. 

The situation of the GOOD HOPE of III now seems hopeless however. As last 
action, the impromptu hyper-station can emit a Notruf, then can get the ship 
into the direct gravitational-area of the giant-planet and can stand in front 
of it shortly, in his atmosphere to verglühen. On Kristan, the ALVAREZ reaches 
the message, that measures the GOOD HOPE of III, Jacho Hornung becomes and 
decides immediately to start in order to look for the ship. He/it can snatch 
the Notruf of the ship and can pick up the already " gotten out " personnel in 
the Orbit of the Gasplaneten. He/it can save also the wreck of the GOOD HOPE of 
III with a shackle-field from the final annihilation. The ALVAREZ comes back 
with the rescued after Alashan and can the personnel so, the valuable freight 
and not finally the information over the Korrago afterall delivers. 

4.Juni 1290 NGZS, in which Rekrutenstadt of Zophengorn: Although the 
Logiden-Maskens of Rhodans group virtually perfectly sit and the membership of 
the Terraner is even stored as novices in the third year in the ring-computer, 
3 recruits begin the Companeii suspicion from the people to create. As 
straight, Bluke and Ipay her/its/their suspicion follows and the Terraners into 
a seemingly casual conversation involve, the Companeiis become even more 
distrustful contradicting answers through itself. 

The 3 Companeiis decide to question the Ringpositronik and the supposed Logiden 
day, to pursue on it. As the pursued dissolve abruptly in air, the Companeiis 
suspect the use of deflector-shielding. The three are now themselves sure that 
has crept in strangers in Zophengorn. The only reason, why the Companeiis don't 
immediately report her/its/their suspicion to the board of directors, is the 
possibility that the strainers of alleged Logiden could be spies of the board 
of directors. 

The Companeiis consult the Ring-Positronik as a result and take, the result of 
her/its/their inquiry surprises contrary to: There is no race in DaGlausch and 
Salmenghest that under the name Logiden is recorded! 

The Terraners have noticed the curious Companeiis long ago. As the Terraners 
visit the vibration-researcher Eismer Störmengord and tell him/it about the 
adjustments of the 3 recruits, a hiding place whitens the Goldner Rhodan and 
his/its people in the Empirium, that can be used by the Terranerns as basis 
during the day, at. It is about a for the time being defunct forum, in which is 
no novices at present and only robots perform Renovierarbeiten. Trabzon Karrett 
can close down the positronischen workers, without whom somebody of it takes 
note, temporarily. From Eismer Störmengord, the Terraners learn some details 
about the known directors. The most important goal is still to be found out, 
from whom and how into the entries turned over the Korrago the Ring-Positronik 
gelöscht. To this purpose, the Terraners try one of the directors to bring 
closer. Tone Eismers information appears one of the directors daily in order to 
announce the newest results of the vibration-research. This opportunity would 
like to use Perry Rhodan. 

Straight, Bluke and Ipays discuss to do something itself meanwhile is. You/they 
make the decision first to report not the suspect Logidens to the board of 
directors but, to break into their housing secretely, in order to look for more 
tracks. As the Terraners leave her/its/their housing on the next day, the 
Companeiis procure themselves with an impulse-key access to the quarters. The 
search produces no new realizations, because the Terraners have back nothing, 
that could confirm the suspicion of the Companeii, left. The Terraners, that 
have been somebody in her/its/their housing, however immediately discover with 
the return. Monkey beats to remove before the 3 Companeiis. Rhodan refuses such 
a brutal action however. 

As Rhodans and his/its group director wait 6 after a renewed address and abduct 
the robot of the director to get about more information, an ominous incident 
occurs. The 3 Companeiis discover the hiding place of the Terraner through 
coincidence. As they cross the defunct forum, the Oxtorner Monkey changes into 
a fight-machine and kills all 3 recruits without the Companeii only one odd to 
belassen. The group is aghast. Everything, that could respond nobody, ran out 
so quickly. The group threatens to shatter because of the incident and Rhodan 
can horrify them/her/it members of his/its expedition holds together. The 
Oxtorner justifies itself on his/its type and claims that he/it wanted only to 
protect the Terraner. Rhodan accepts the arguments Monkeys in keinster manner 
and reveals the Oxtorner, that he/it will bring him/it after the return for the 
murder to the account home. The Terraners must now be concerned, as they should 
let the corpses of the 3 Companeiis vanish from the Empirium. Rhodan 
adjudicates to hand over the corpses to the space. 

Meanwhile, the situation of the Terraner becomes even more dangerous. Director 
6 leaves find after the unknown, that have stolen his/its body-robot. Eismer 
alerts Rhodans group, that the Touffxes begin with it, to search the Empirium. 
The Touffxes, bullige, lizard-good natures, their last representatives live 
mainly in the big awake-forts about Zophengorn, are very seriously to taking 
opponents. Rhodan undertakes to distract a diversion about the attention of the 
lizard-natures of the new secret-basis. The plan succeeds and Rhodan, Mondra 
and Bully can lure the lizard-natures into the former quarters of the Companeii 
and can paralyze. As begins itself to withdraw the bodyguard of the 
vibration-researchers from the Empirium, the Terraners can breathe a sigh of 
relief for the time being. Nevertheless, the danger of a discovery has climbed 
strongly. 

In the hiding place, Trabzon Karrett can finish reading the personal code of 
the headmaster 6 from the carried off body-robot. The code applying recognizes 
the Positronikspezialist, that the directors have no possibility 1-9, to 
suppress certain data of the Ring-Positronik. It of a particular code, that 
only the until now unknown director owns 10, needs to it. Rhodan, that one is 
gotten the last answers only of this unknown, becomes clear. 

As the Terraners finally creep in in the protection of her/its/their 
deflector-fields into a Direktorenkonferenz, they get a shocking realization! 
Director 10 is surrounded birds by a dense grape sparrow-more nicely, so-called 
Lamuunis. Only an exceptional personality can hold such birds, who are regarded 
as Niveau-Teleporter, in his/its proximity. Only the charisma of a 
super-intelligence or a personality standing on virtually same level can bind 
the birds. Is immediately clear for Rhodan, director 10 is with SHABAZZA 
identically! 

Alashan, Thorrtimer-System,: Skill morning star, Kybernetiker from Alashan, 
passes on the examinations to the " corpses " of the Korrago brought on board 
the GOOD-HOPE III after Alashan. The Kybernetiker wins insight into the 
metabolism of the natures that turns out as a mixture between Android and 
robots. Not finally because of the rbeuteten hologram-card, the innumerable 
over DaGlausch scattered coordinates of more Korrago-Stationen contains, Gia de 
Moleon decides the TLD-Agentin fairy to send out Kelind and the Kybernetiker 
Skill morning star after Zophengorn in order to let Rhodan come the newest 
realizations. Is also provided fairy and Skill with Logidenmasken and is put by 
a ship of the Thorrimer at the ring of Zophengorn. 

In her/its/their hiding place within the Empiriums of Zophengorn, Rhodans group 
is with digesting the shock over the meeting with Shabazza, alias director 10. 
Rhodan is itself conscious that the entire group would now be alive no longer 
without the fast retreat maybe. Nevertheless, no election remains the immortal 
as the step forward. If he/it wants to learn more about Shabazza and the 
directors, then he/it must into the cave of the lion. Trabzon Karrett proves to 
be indisputable once again, as he/it can finish reading important information 
from the Ringpositronik over the quarterses of the directors and the 
protection-being-directions on the Direktorenetage. The first barrier to the 
cubicles of the directors, an energy-umbrella, can put down Trabzon besides 
strength relatively easily. As Rhodans team begins carefully to explore the 
Direktorenetage, a Rafferspruch is received. Unexpected reinforcement from 
Alashan arrives! Fairy Kelind and Skill morning star pushes to Rhodans group 
and can deliver the newest realizations over the Korrago. From the also 
delivered, holographic card, in which the positions of the Korrago-Stützpunkte 
are recorded in DaGlausch, Rhodan infers that Shabazza expects an important 
event within the big-galaxy any. The distinctive, galaxy-wide 
supervision-system speaks in behalf of it. 

The piece of news bursts middles into the advice that director has left his/its 
cubicle 10. Rhodan now sees the unique odd into the level of the directors and, 
maybe even to advance to Shabazzas cubicle. With her/its/their 
deflector-shielding and the help of the Positronikspezialisten Trabzon, the 
Terraners can overcome the first barrier. As Shabazza leaves the level of the 
directors, Trabzon can scan the Mentalimpulse of the director. This is the 
Grundvorraussetzung to deceive about the protection of Shabazzas Wohntrackt. 

 [Ilu1934a.gif (8906 bytes)] fairy Kelind, Skill morning star and Tautmo 
 (c) VPM Aagenfeld has remained behind in the hiding place of the abandoned 
forum. As the 3 Terraners view a small, severed area below the forum, that 
should serve as last Notflucht, strangers cross the hiding place. It is 
apparently has selected about stocky lizard-natures that the abandoned forum 
for her/its/their action. The 3 Terraners, that the lizard-natures plan a 
kidnapping obviously and want to bring the hostages into the hiding place of 
the Terraner, can hear from her/its/their Notflucht. The altogether 9 
lizard-descendants imprison 3 teachers of the Empiriums and want to demand 3 
namely named vibration-researchers in the exchange as hostages and free 
departure from Zophengorn. It is apparently about a revenge-act of the 
lizard-natures their people was almost fully exterminated with a wrong 
vibration-warning. Fairy Kelind, Skill morning star and Tautmo Aagenfeld begins 
to look for a way out. With the return of Rhodans Spähtrupp, the meeting would 
occur invariably with the strangers and to the catastrophe. 

Rhodans group succeeds in forcing an entry into the residential-section of the 
uncanny meanwhile. Numerous alarm-systems are located, under it 
security-circuits that with the speaks to the entire Empirium can destroy. As 
Mondra through her/its/their movement a sensor-spot alerts and an 
annihilation-circuit causes, Trabzon can deactivate the positronischen circuit 
before course shortly. The Terraners begin to search the residential-section. 
Beside a bird-aviary for the Lamuuni, the Terraners find an ancient looking 
computer. Trabzon Karrett can crack the password to get about access on the 
data of the appliance. It is: HELTER BAAKEN! The calculator seems to be 
Shabazzas, in whoever some notes are stored over the actions against Thoregon, 
a type of diary. 

The 3 Terraners in the hiding place of the defunct forum are still in the 
dilemma. Fairy Kelind and Skill morning star, finally to undertake something, 
decides. The Terraners paralyze the hostage-takers and escape the approaching 
Touffxes in the protection of her/its/their deflector-fields. The 3 Terraners 
lift contact with Eismer Störmengord and teach the vibration-researcher of the 
events. 

Rhodans and his/its group read entranced the enrollments Shabazzas meanwhile. 
In his/its personal notebook, the opponent Thoregons himself names 
himself/itself Sha Bassa. It is the speech of a mysterious client and his/its 
main task to destroy Thoregon. Shabazzas actions against the Galornen and the 
Milky way is listed equally, as the property of the last Nano-Kolonne, their 
goal has apparently not yet selected Shabazza. The Terraners learn about 
Shabazzas trump by the name of Jii'Nevever and his/its connection to a mighty 
Dscherro-Fürsten. More final must be regarded mainly as threat for Alashan. 
Further, the entries comprise notes over the " creators ", that first Thoregon 
people. It must become suspect, that this people hovers in big danger and was 
selected Shabazzas as next goal. The door and Shabazza opens suddenly with 
these information, Lamuunis surround by a flock, stands in the door. All are 
like solidifies, only Monkey deals quick-wittedly and immediately fires on the 
alleged Shabazza. The nature collapses and remains down dead at the ground. As 
the Terraners examine the body, they determine that one doesn't have to do it 
with the uncanny themselves but with a Korrago stand-in. With the more 
examination of the area, the Terraners discover a Transmitter, that is 
connected with an unknown counter-station. Rhodan resists the temptation to go 
through the Transmitter and possibly to materialize Shabazzas in the 
power-headquarters. As alarm is caused on it in the Empirium shortly, the 
Terraners must retreat. Rhodans group meets with fairy, Skill, Tautmo and 
Eismer. Together, they use Eismer Störmengords GLIMMERS for the escape of 
Zophengorn. 

As next goal, the Terraners select a coordinate-point of the carried off card. 
Rhodan would like to examine a base of the Korrago and more over those puzzling 
natures experiences. 

Two men take on the risk to examine an alleged Korrago base on the planet of 
Lokyrd - Reginald Bull and the Kybernetiker Skill morning star. While the 
system crosses the GLIMMERS, quite so as would follow a vibration-researcher of 
his/its work, the 2 Terraners land with an area-lentil on the planet unseen. 
This landing is favored by the strongly hyper-beaming Sonne Poroniu, that makes 
orientation-radiations ineffective with her/its/their emissions. Lokyrd is an 
approximately Mercury-big planet, with half Erdschwerkraft and thin 
oxygen-atmosphere. With the touch, the Terraners discover pyramid-good 
buildings, in their proximity they land the area-lentil. The pyramids know 
beaming and lie there, like an abandoned city. Skill doesn't grade the 
constructions as manufacture of the Korrago a but holds her/it/them for the 
legacies of a much older culture, that has worked on Lokyrd once. As Bully and 
Skill force an entry into a temple-good building, they immediately discover 
artistic wall-arts that she/it at astronomic representations reminds. A 
representation shows DaGlausch Salmenghest with her/its/their smaller 
sister-galaxy unequivocally. The position, at which one would become the kettle 
of einzeichnen, is marked by a gem composed in gold. Another wall-drawing shows 
a stylized Planetensystem, on which 5 planets circle on the same track about 
the sun. As third, Skill morning star can recognize a drawing, on which a 
duplicate-galaxy is represented presumably. The galaxy reminds removes at a 
butterfly in her/its/their form. Skill morning star believes instinctively in a 
connection of the represented, astronomic objects with the kettle, can rely 
with his/its supposition only on his/its feeling however. 

Bully, fascinates also from the representations, Skill presses to concentrating 
on the urgent task, the reconnaissance of the Korrago base. The base is 
amounted quickly and the design of the station reminds of those, with which one 
has already done experience. In the center of the installation arches a from 
indoors out shining cathedral, that Skill names the " heart-cathedral " 
intuitively. Bully and Skill can force an entry into the building and by means 
of a tapped data-management, Skill estimates the age of the installation at 540 
years. First the station seems like extinct, however then appears a Korrago and 
repairs the from Skill together with the can from the wall crafty 
data-management. The two Terraners watch the Korrago in the protection of 
her/its/their deflector-umbrellas. As the androide nature vanishes in the 
Innern of the station again, the two Terraners decide to advance further. Bully 
and Skill use a rail-thickened car to bring closer the heart-cathedral about 
itself. During the trip, the two men exchange many private thoughts, over 
Skills progressing illness and the immortality Bullys. More and more Korragos 
dive left of and right of the rail on. The Terraners, that there is a big 
number of different types, recognize. Baby, big and obviously on certain works 
Korrago specialized to see is. As the Terraner finally the heart-cathedral 
reaches and lands with her/its/their Antigravgerätens on the dome, they find a 
strange spaceship in his/its Innern. 

The spaceship belongs to a type, that is Bully and Skill completely unknown, 
at. As a Korrago glider appears suddenly and approaches her/its/their position, 
the Terraners recognize that she/it was measured. In order to escape the 
prosecution, Bully cuts a hole into the dome-blanket and the Terraner hovers in 
the protection of the deflector-field into the inside of the dome. The Korragos 
begin to look with it for the invisible invaders and develop different 
strategies with it. Bully and Skill must is careful the Androidens to go not 
into the trap. As the two Terraners receive access to the Hauptpositronik of 
the Korrago unseen, Skills translator speaks to. The Kybernetiker succeeds in 
interrogating the Positronik and to question after the unknown ship. It turns 
out. For over 500 years, the Korragos have tried a ship to bauen,das the 
kettle-strengths resists, until now without success. Experienced like the 
Terraner, the Korragos try to explore the kettle with always new ships. The 
station is a shipyard therefore! 

With the more reconnaissance of the installation, the Terraners come upon an 
ultra-strong hyper-station, that is sufficiently strong, to overcome the 
hyper-sturgeon-impulses of the central-star. Bully, that is thought the station 
for the case, that has the Korrago with her/its/their project success, becomes 
clear. In order to deflect her/its/their persecutors, Skill starts a successful 
diversion with the mini-impulse-engines of some flight-grenades. The Korragos 
follow the from it-hurrying projectiles and shoot down the invisible 
flight-elements. In the belief the invisible, to have destroyed forceful, the 
Androidens immediately accept her/its/their work into the heart-dome again. As 
Bully and Skill certainly feel and want to continue her/its/their way, the 
undoing takes his/its course. Skill loses the control over his/its leg suddenly 
and falls. His/its illness has caused a new thrust exactly in this moment. The 
fall remains hidden not the Korragos and they begin immediately to proceed 
against the Terraner. Bully and Skill can reach exactly the area of the 
Zentralpositronik and can entrench itself in it. Bully, that they rock in a 
deceptive security, becomes clear. The Korragos start an attack-wave after the 
other and the building rearrange from numerous gliders outside. The Terraners 
sit in the trap. 

Skill only sees a rescue, he/it must try with his/its syntronischen 
brain-implants, that to control Zentralpositronik of the Korrago all the 
finally to take on the command over the Androiden. With superhuman willpower, 
Skill adapts the syntronischen components of his/its brain over the sockets and 
sacrifices his/its vision. The despair-action succeeds. Skill superior Syntron 
receives force over the Korrago. The Kybernetiker recovers itself in a 
completely new world. He/it controls all Korrago of the station and sees, 
positronisch connects, through her/its/their eyes. Skill feels widen his/its 
senses into the infinite and finds pleased at the new life-feeling. Already 
soon however Skill recognizes that the steering overtaxes Tausender a single 
individual. Slowly, the control escapes him/it. Bully, from Skills according to 
steered Korrago outdoors brought, tries him/it still to convince his/its friend 
to accompany, vainly. Bully can flee with his/its area-lentil and must leave 
behind Skill. 

As Bully remains in sure distance to the planet in the Orbit, the 
incomprehensible happens. The ship of the Korrago starts and lets the 
heart-cathedral burst. Skill, that has manned the ship with some Korragos and 
is coalesced with the ship to an unit, reports from shelf of the ship. The body 
of the Terraners still exists admitteldly, is important for Skill no longer 
however. The Terraner Bully, that he/it would like to set out to look for the " 
butterfly-galaxy " and the " Fünf-Planetensystem ", which is portrayed on the 
wall-drawings of the temple-installations about the pyramids, opens as unit, 
Skill/Schiff. As farewell, Skill covers up the coordinates of the Korrago 
main-headquarters, then the ship vanishes in the infinity. 

In March 1273 NGZS, 17 years before the current events of the year 1290 NGZS, 
goes Vincent Garron the galactic area-station LYRA-PSR-14 on board. The 
platform LYRA-PSR-14 has the task urgently to observe rare star-phenomenons. 
Vincent Garron is trained astrophysicist and should do service on the station. 
Single peculiarity that with his/its routine at the beginning of-examination 
attracts, the statement have Garrons, that he/it only black-knows one at times, 
Sehempfinden. Since the doctors with former examinations never diagnosed a 
possible cause for the Sehfehler, we Garrons statement of the examining doctor 
Lancelot Barnigg no big meaning attributed. 

Shortly on it, an accident occurs with the examination of a star. A 
researcher-team seems to have dared to tackle with his/its Space-Jet too near 
the energy-outbreak of a sun and grasps by the hyper-radiation. From the 3 
secure crewmembers, 2 are despite the applied SERUNS grave. Single survivor is 
Vincent Garron! The obduzierten corpses of the two other scientists give up 
Lancelot Barnigg puzzles. The heads of the men are disfigured awfully and are 
done the appearance, as if the eyes have exploded in the truest sense of the 
word. Lancelot Barnigg cannot state the injuries and cannot transfer the bodies 
after Tahun, the former Medo-Zenter of the USO. The doctors on Tahun confirm 
Lancelots diagnosis and do another dreadful discovery when setting aside the 
SERUNS. The bodies, the muscle-tissue and the meat of the men works like 
cooked! The scientists lose the setting short-term, places itself the question 
however soon, as such a strong heat-effect could effect the body without bigger 
damage of the skin. The skin has burned namely in no way but works pale and as 
coated with fine rips. After detailed advice, everything whitens on it, that 
the men of a strong microwave-radiation were killed. Why especially Vincent 
Garron had suffered only " normal " outer combustions, nobody can answer to 
this time. 

As Lancelot Barnigg wants to lift after conclusion of the examinations with 
LYRA-PSR-14 touches again, the station gives no answer. A stuffy intuition 
attacks the doctor. As he/it itself with help of a friend over a 
data-stand-management aufschaltet, an uncertain premonition gets food. On the 
station, much damage is reported and no man of the personnel is attainable. As 
Barnigg finally flies in company of some area-soldiers to the station, the 
horrible truth reveals itself the men. The entire personnel is alive no longer. 
The women and men show the same deadly injuries, like which examined on Tahun 
before, to scientist. Only Vincent Garron, that still lies on the Medostation, 
has survived the apparent catastrophe. The Terraner and the corpses of the 
personnel are immediately transferred after Tahun. 

After a Syntronsimulation of the incident in the unsuccessful Space-Jet, the 
scientist Tahuns comes to a stunning realization soon. The source of the 
microwave-radiation is identical with Vincent Garron. Garron is a Mutant and 
can, either arbitrarily or spontaneously a deadly microwave-radiation emits! A 
name for the new Mutantenfähigkeit is found quickly: Mikro-Frequenzer. The 
scientist Tahuns begins to wonder, whether the combustions coat the Garrons 
bodies is faked or a consequence of the accident in the Space-Jet. Since no 
direct heat-effect took place within the Jet, votes express the Garron itself 
the combustions with help of his/its offering itself more and more has taught. 
Why and why nobody can state. Speculations go into the direction however that 
Garron is possibly no longer with mind. To the security, Garron is put into 
low-sleep, that reduces his/its life-functions to a minimum. One decides to 
resort Garron of Tahun after Mimas. 

Terrania April 1273 NGZS: Lancelot Barnigg delivers his/its report over Vince 
Garron with the TLD boss Gia de Moleon directly. Unfortunately he/it can 
deliver no good news, because Garron has succeeded in breaking out from the 
clinic on Tahun. He/it has killed the keepers and guards with his/its known 
offering. Vincent Garron has turned out as unscrupulous killer and has as 
extremely dangerously is classified. He/it succeeds itself in hiding a whole 
time on Tahun, which the speculation causes on the other hand that the Terraner 
must still have another Mutantenfähigkeit, the suggestion. Since Vincent Garron 
has no friends on Tahun, but despite the planetenweiten search obviously 
numerous helpers finds them/her/it him/it shelter grants, one can no other end 
pulls a par-abnormal multi-talent one as that before itself has. Later, it 
succeeds to leave Garron Tahun and to approach the SOL-System with the 
Medo-Schiff ADIA. Goal of the ship is Mimas. Lancelot Barnigg, that has come 
per Transmitter after Terrania, to deliver about his/its report with Gia, has 
hurried the ADIA advance. He/it explains is marked the Garron to Gia also as 
Hyperceptor, therefore somebody, the hyper-physical job can perceive. 

As the ADIA Mimas approaches, Gia de Moleon lets a Enterkommando go on board to 
grasp about Vincent Garron, however the terranische command finds only terribly 
disfigured corpses. Since Garron remains untraceable and the Bordtransmitter 
was not used, one remains that only one end can pull. Garron has trained 
another Mutantenfähigkeit - the Teleportation. Since Mimas very, to assume, 
draws near stands that of the Mutant be jump on the Saturn-moon and actually 
he/it pulls the track of the death behind itself. Despite immediately 
tarnishing search, Garron escapes the access of the TLD agents again. He/it 
jumps a private-yacht on board and dives then. 

On Mimas obduzieren the terranischen scientists in the meantime a victim 
Garrons. Still restrict with the woman to measure brain-activity. With help 
syntronischer probes is appraised the memory-content of the pitiful woman. From 
the pictures, some things are to be picked out. It actually kill Garron her/it 
the people. The Mutant seems to a strange mania to have declined. He/it 
complains to contain the people about him/it at " color " around and all " 
color " would be bad. This tells him/it a mysterious " hyper-power ", a concept 
with him/it nobody something can start. Lancelot Barnigg speculates, whether 
the concept " has hyper-power " to do something with the hyper-storm, in which 
Garron had gotten with his/its Space-Jet. An important point, because 
everything started with this accident. The hints on the " color " that he/it 
sees could derive itself from his/its disturbed eyesight. At least at the 
start, Garron of a disturbance of his/its eyesight had spoken. Is still 
unclearly whether Garron is a case for the penal system or for the sanitarium. 
Fact, that represents the Mutant an unbelievable danger, is however. Lancelot 
Barnigg decides Gia de Moleons request therefore to keep up and to make 
available itself/themselves as decoy. The plan sees to lure before Garron 
through Barnigg and to round up with an Anti-Esper umbrella. The intent 
succeeds, Barnigg dies with it however. 

Mimas 1290 NGZS, present,: Vincent Garron lies in the coma, stores in the 
so-called PAKS prison on Mimas very well. Before Garron was overpowered, the 
negative Mutant had more than 800 people on the conscience. The scientists of 
Mimas bring Tuyula Azyk, a young blues girls, with Garron together. A special 
ability has turn the blues that she/it for the Terraner into the key figure - 
she/it is a so-called Psi-Konverterin. Azyk can reinforce the Psi-Begabung of 
other Mutanten with help of her/its/their ability, softens or into another 
talent converts. Garron was not put after the capture by the Terranerns into 
the coma but has brought about this condition itself and can probably even 
control him/it. As that begins blues girls to devote time to Vincent Garron, 
the par-abnormally gifted Gataserin notices like " something " feeling with 
her/it/them in connection steps. As that portrays the blues produces a 
relationship. Since the whole time is measured with Vincent Garron over as good 
as no brain-activity, the scientists of Mimas cannot confirm the statement. 

The efforts of the blues girls first remain Residors without success and 
Noviel, the designated successor Gia de Moleons in the office of the TLD-Chefs 
puts down the attempt a latter grace period of 2 weeks. A piece of news bursts 
middles into the discussion like a bomb. Mimas is attacked! The aggressor is 
amounted as an akonisches ship, that should pick up Genesene of Mimas. The ship 
opens the fire on PAKS however. Within PAKS, it seems to give another traitor 
additionally, because the protective Paratronschirm coincides in itself. Noviel 
Residor first thought is Vincent Garron! The more realizations show another 
picture however. From the Akonenraumer, fight-troops rain on Mimas down and 
penetrate brutally into the Para-Bunker. Turns out soon, that the attack as 
liberation-attempt for Mongeracza, that assessing Überschweren and leaders of 
the Galactic Guardians is. On the side, Vincent Garron uses the opportunity to 
escape from the now unprotected prison. The outbreak of a catastrophe equals 
for the LFT. The second Hiobsbotschaft comes has vanished with Garron after the 
foot, Tuyula Azyk, the par-abnormally able blues girls. A supposition, that has 
jumped the Mutant with his/its hostage on the akonische ship, meant. 

As terranische troops board the Akonraumer, they find only dead crewmembers, 
Mongeracza locked up. It is one single Albtraum. The action of the Mutanten and 
the corpses scattered everywhere however still show the Terranerns something. 
Garron has developed more, hideous abilities and has improved his/its existing 
talents with it. The mind of the Mutanten now calculates just as quickly and 
precisely as a Syntronik. Vincent Garron can be called the worst Albtraum of 
the mankind rightly. 

Vincent Garron could escape the access of the LFT and the TLD successfully. As 
it seems, the Mutant has trained alarming abilities during his/its time in the 
coma and has developed. Is at the last so to recognize obduzierten sacrifice of 
the Mutanten that classifying Garron as " Gen-Buster " is - he/it can let the 
cells of his/its victims burst explosion-like. Garron is however also 
Teleporter and can put back jumps after estimations up to 400000 kilometers, a 
fact that it even difficult does, that to take Mutanten in custody. Not yet 
enough has Garron as well suggestive abilities - he/it can influence 
approximately 100 persons in the direct vicinity of approximately 300 meters 
and his/its will can impose. Finally he/it can see " hyper-physical processes " 
as Hyperceptor or can perceive. 

As consequence from Vincent Garron escape, the new TLD boss has left Noviel 
Residor bolt the SOL-System hermetically. All a - and flying away ships are 
absolutely controlled and the agents of the TLD are equipped umbrellas with 
Psi-Detektoren and Anti-ESPER. Since Residor, that Vincent Garron is in the 
Asteoridenring and camouflages with help of his/its suggestive-ability, knows, 
the TLD boss has NATHAN looked for contradictory or strange news - and he/it 
becomes fündig! A message is available over the presence of a so-called " Trox 
" on one of the numerous stations in the Asteoridenring. NATHAN, that was seen 
such a nature since over 200 years no longer in the SOL-System, confirms 
however. Noviel Residor immediately sends his/its agents free. 

While the TLD agents go with Anti-ESPER shield and PSI-Spürgeräten on the hunt 
after the Mutanten, Vincent Garron feels relatively sure. The Mutant has 
abducted that blues on his/its escape girls Tuyula Azyk, that went also 
par-abnormally, is and as Psi-Konverterin is valid. With her/its/their 
offering, she/it can convert PSI-Energien, however also softens reinforces. 
Vincent Garron seems a type of relationship to make to Tuyula and leads, as in 
a mute soliloquy to kill some explanations for his/its motivation at. Again, 
Garron of a foreign hyper-power and his/its job speaks to wipe out the color in 
the universe. It seems, as if the Mutant speaks in the mania. He/it tells about 
his/its view of the hyper-area, just like only he/it him/it perceives. He/it 
speaks him/it however also of that day as the accident with the Space-Jet 
caught up with and received the " Touch " as he/it. Since that day, a nature 
speaks to him/it that itself Quotor names. Quotor order them/her/it him/it with 
the hyper-power to wipe out everything colored identically. Quotor has helped 
Vincent Garron to find the way around in the infinity of the hyper-area and has 
shown him/it the Überraumes's colored lumps in the monochrome all the same. 
These colored lumps were only the high-dimensional " marks " or Inprints of 
natures of the Einstein-area admitteldly, but they were colorfully and Quotor 
described her/it/them as the absolute evil. 

With the hunt on the Mutanten, the TLD agents have first little luck. It 
succeeds to steal Vincent Garron 2 Serunses without problems from a ship of the 
LFT - a suit for itself and another for Tuyula Azyk. With the pursues his/its 
track all indications indicate it, that has picked out itself the Mutant as 
goal the earth. 

While the LFT reinforces her/its/their safety measurements in the Sol-System, 
Atlan flies in with a yawl of the RICO. Immediately after the VESTA-Kreuzer has 
landed in Terrania, the Arkonide immediately meets Cistolo Khan and exchanges 
the newest information. So the two men discuss the newest development on Arkon 
I for example, where the Solomothens have actually succeeded in receiving the 
people of the Galaktikums at a table. After the general topics, Atlan comes 
come to the actual point. Vincent Garron! The Arkonide, that could lose the 
present LFT-Führung backing through the disastrous working of the Mutanten in 
the population strongly, afraid. Already now the political opponent of Paola 
Daschmagan scores points continually and it survives the danger, that will lose 
the present top management the next election. 

At the same time, a similar conversation takes place over an abhörsicheren 
hyper-canal. Joskar Jankinnen, the big-mogul and billionaire - shortly named 
J.J., is connected with Solder fire. J.J. fire instructs over the Vorfälle 
about the escape of the Todesmutanten Vincent Garron. He/it, that the 
catastrophe can be cannibalized in the Sol-System for the political campaign of 
fire, makes unequivocally clear. 

All persons, who can show at least a latent PSI-Begabung, are checked in the 
Sol-System meanwhile. The PSI-Detektorens of the LFT are to be found everywhere 
and are a big-public notice of robots and personnel throughout the use. Despite 
all measures, it succeeds to reach Vincent Garron Terra and to remain 
unrecognized. As the Mutant begins with providing itself/themselves over the 
Trivideo programs with information, the picture of a Solomothen entrances 
him/it. His/its mission becomes clear sudden him/it. The natures shall wipe 
that out that he/it by the order of the hyper-power Quotor! The Solomothens are 
responsibly for the colored Inprintses of the hyper-area - she/it represents 
itself him/it with the colors of the evil! 

In the election campaign-office of the liberal unit, there is reason to the 
joy. Solder fire, the opponent Paola Daschmagans with the next election to the 
first Terraner, has already gathered 48% of all votes behind itself. However, 
the joyful message is tarnished by new information. Georg Zima, the most 
important helper Solder of fire, has learned about an unknown informant, that 
Joskar Jankinnen, named J.J., contacts to the Galactic Guardianses entertain. 
In addition, Zima, that was only staged the rescue on Lokvorth as well as the 
entire raid on fire, opens in order to get to the candidate. Fire is pleased 
over this message little and is immediately sat down with J.J. in connection to 
confront about him/it with the reproaches. This calms things down, Georg Zima 
cannot deceive with his/its innocence-assertion however. Zima says J.J. frankly 
into the face that he/it mistrusts him/it and from now at an eye on him/it 
billionaire will have. J.J. his/its mask drops opposite Zima only for one 
second and plays the unknowing again then. From now at, Zima is warned. With 
J.J. the advisor of fire has made a mighty enemy for itself. 

 [Ilu1938a.gif (19579 bytes)] Tuyula Azyk, the new, par-abnormally able 
illustration PR 1938 (c) VPM blues girls, is still in the force of Vincent 
Garron. The " Todesmutant " influences the Blue through his/its 
suggestive-strengths and profits from her/its/their ability to reinforce other 
PSI-Begabungen. He/it builds a lie-web, in which he/it executes a cosmic 
mission, for the girl their clients Quotor, a puzzling entity from the 
hyper-area is. Garron succeeds in calming down the Blue and to base an almost 
friendly relationship. His/its was intents and feelings he/it withholds the 
girl. 

Tuyula begins to collect information in the consequence for Garron, primarily 
over the Solomothen. Vince, that is the Solomothen the only creatures, whom 
he/it can see colorfully, confesses on Tuyula demand. As Tuyula proposes to 
visit the Solomothen on her/its/their main-world, Vince refuses. As he/it 
recognizes the disappointment of Tuyulas as a result, he/it offers her/it/them 
to travel after Arkon I. For Mirkandol, there are Solomothen and it, Vince 
succeeds to do the venue of the Galaktiker palatable for the young Blue. 
Shortly on it, Garron is alerted. A TLD agent appears in the hotel Garrons. As 
Garron forces the man under his/its will, the Mutant, that the Terraners search 
after him/it and are subjected the hotel of a routine-control, experiences. 
Garron lets the man, which proves to be mistakes for the Mutanten, from regard 
on Tuyula go inviolate because shortly on it the hotel rearrange and into 
several Anti-ESPER umbrellas wrapped. As the same agent storms Garrons rooms on 
it with the weapon in the attack shortly, the Mutant flees into a Hypersenke 
and pulls the Blue and the TLD agent with itself. There, they pause several 
hours. 

As the TLD the search gives up and withdraws, his/its hiding place leaves 
Garron with Tuyula together and can escape. The Mutant has killed the TLD 
agent. Later, a meeting occurs between Garron and J.J., that Solder fire from a 
hiding place belauscht. From the conversation emerges, that J.J. decisive at 
the liberation Garrons was involved. The entire action in on the Saturn-moon of 
Mimas was only staged for Garrons escape. Solder fire can relay his/its 
knowledge no longer however, because he/it is tracked down by Garron and 
suggestively is manipulated. 

15. July 1290 NGZS, Trokan,: The measuring instruments of the guards about the 
fungus-cathedral beat alarm. An imposing, into a bulky protection-suit wrapped 
shape, totters from the fog-field. The suit of the stranger is damaged 
obviously. To many puts gases stream out. The here-hurrying rescue-teams 
experience a surprise. The visitor looks like a Maahk! After a century of the 
silence, a Methanatmer appears in the solar system again and he/it carries a 
Passantum! Heavily injured directs a message he/it at the Terraner: " I am 
Mhogena, that fifth runner Thoregons... I belong to the people of the 
Gharrer.... my home-galaxy of Chearth is threatened by the Guans at Var... .wir 
asks the Terraner about help " during the doctors desperately tries the life of 
the fifth to rescue runners, Cistolo Khan of the incident is immediately 
informed. 

Puydor: Icho Tolot, Julian Tifflors and Gucky are the INTURA-TAR on board and 
are on the way to the " center of the universe ". Pezzo-Orr the clan-boss of 
the Orr and with it also commander of the INTURA-TAR, has a dangerous plan. 
He/it wants to land the life-ship on a Giftgasplaneten. If one considers the 
age of the ship and the circumstance, that it has already lost his/its stern in 
the past in the battle against the Varmiren, then the plan acts Pezzo-Orrs as 
pure craziness. Icho Tolot warns his/its friends to admit the landing by no 
means. The Giftgasplanet of the sacred guards Yammamihus, that changes 
her/its/their shape and can adapt, is lived in after Pezzo-Orrs statement. 

In order to learn more about the goal-planet, the mysterious guards and the 
alleged center of the universe, the 3 immortals look for the headquarters to 
question about the Hauptpositronik. As she/it is reach Pezzo-Orr the 
headquarters on the spot however and gives them rather mystic information. The 
goal is the system of the Sonne Speleyn with his/its 17 " pearls " therefore, 
which the Galaktikers interpret as planets. " Under the skin of the eleventh 
pearl ", named Smyrnos, one will meet with the guards. The data the Julian 
Tifflor with the inquiry at the Hauptpositronik gets, looks essentially more 
soberly: It is about a Gasriesen of the Jupitertyp, with an equator-diameter of 
152.000 km. The atmosphere essentially contains methane, ammonia, hydrogen and 
waters. The center of the planet becomes from one egg and rock-ball with 4 fold 
Erdmasses formed. The planet decrees over 8 moons. The statements to the 
gravity on the surface of the solid center-kernel fluctuate between 4,2 and 9,3 
Gravoses. A characteristic picture of the planet become a big, violet stain, 
that pulled through constantly from green energy-lightnings. The stain in the 
atmosphere is a " anti-cyclone ", his pressure increases with falling height. 
Reason for this phenomenon is a mighty volcano on the surface of the planet, 
that is responsible with his/its hyper-physical outbreaks for the green 
energy-discharges. This violet energy-whirl is marked also " tunnel to the 
center of the universe " by the Rawwens. The Positronik warns of approaching 
the energy-whirl with the ship. 

As the INTURA-TAR finally the Speleyn-System reaches and begins to emerge the 
17 planets of the sun on the Orterschirmen, falls most " of the 
priest-candidates " of the ship into religious rapture on board and devotes 
itself a drug, that she/it does unansprechbar. The only odd the Icho Tolot, 
Julian Tifflor and Gucky still, to turn away about a catastrophe with the 
landing-attempt, sees be to be taken on the ship. Icho Tolot, Julian Tifflors 
and Gucky are met with a Shuuken by the name of Ensaf Jajjan and are 
experienced that there is another theory about the puzzling Gasplaneten. A 
scientist of the Shuuken has put the claim, that owns Smyrnos an own " 
Morphisches field ". Ensaf Jajjan, that he/it has sneaked the INTURA-TAR only 
on board, confesses in order to check the theory of his/its teacher. Morphische 
fields are energy-fields, the all living natures penetrates. 

Without devoting time to the theory of the Shuuken longer, the 3 Galaktikers 
hasten back into the headquarters of the ship in order to alter the course and, 
to prevent a landing on Smyrnos. The headquarters is abandoned and the course 
is thought of the Positronik. The 3 Galaktikers can only try to escape with a 
yawl, however an unknown danger reaches for them and lets her/it/them collapse 
unconscious. As they awaken later from the unconsciousness, they, that she/it 
was mixed the drug spread throughout the ship into the breath-air, determine. 
Why the SERUNSS didn't respond momentarily and closed the helmets, a puzzle is. 
For an escape of the ship it it now too late. The INTURA-TAR already dunks into 
the outer atmosphere of the Gasplaneten. Icho Tolot supports the country-touch 
of the ship after best strengths - the remaining part of the personnel stands 
under drug-no-river and is not action-capable. 

The 5-dimensionalen sturgeon-fields of the planet do themselves notably and 
reduce Guckys Mutantengabe. As the ship dives more deeply into the atmosphere, 
a gigantic appears suddenly, quallenförmiges natures. The Rawwens fall into 
rapture and consider the nature a " saint guard ". As the nature appears Gucky 
collapses and becomes to the horrifies his/its friends " lucidly ". The 
contours of the mouse-beaver seem to become blurred. As Icho Tolot lands the 
INTURA-TAR shortly resolved with next best opportunity, begins to return to 
normal Guckys condition itself again. The mouse-beaver of a mighty 
intelligence-nature, his thought-impulses have overturned him/it formally, 
reported. More and more jellyfish-natures, that name Icho Tolot Smyrnen " 
shortly ", fly around the ship. Through the force-landing of Tolots, the 
INTURA-TAR is obviously still removes far from her/its/their intended goal. 

 [Ilu1939a.gif (11797 bytes)] after on board itself the situation of the ship 
illustration PR 1939 (c) VPM developed has, Pezzo-Orr composes an expedition, 
that should advance Yammamihus to the place of the God. The 3 immortals 
affiliate and leave the ship in company of some " select ". With heavy 
ground-vehicles, the expedition struggles through the unreal surroundings of 
the Gasplaneten in front.                               A destroyed care-dome 
of the layman-priests is located after some time.                               
From the original personnel, nobody is certainly alive more. Pezzo-Orr ignores 
the dome and has flown further. However also the next station that she/it is 
head for destroyed. The belief of the priest gets seriously in the staggers. 

The Shuuke Ensaf Jajjan seems a badly weighing realization to have won in the 
meantime, because he/it tries to intervene in the radio several times and to 
tell itself/themselves. As Pezzo-Orr him/it each more word prohibits the Shuuke 
is finally put quietly, because he/it receives tantrums the glider on board. As 
the Shuuke disregards all prohibitions later, he/it tells about his/its 
discovery. It cares 2 essences or consciousness for the Gasplaneten obviously 
that stands in the opposition. The Shuuke names it " duel of the God ". An 
entity can immediately be put down with Yammamihus, the other, provides also 
with a mighty consciousness, cannot be localized for the moment, is present 
however. She/it under all circumstances, that the layman-priests deliver 
her/its/their Tronium-Azint sacrifice with Yammamihus, would like to prevent. 
In order to lend her/its/their demand emphasis, she/it destroys a glider, that 
has loaded the rare Schwingquarz, - all crewmembers also comes with it about 
the life. As the expedition finally the temple of Yammamihus reaches and Gucky 
into the installation teleportiert, the whole truth reveals itself. The temple 
become hold the prison of Guu'Nevever, that caught under the influence of the 
Trozinators on Smyrnos. The second consciousness is the planet itself, that has 
trained an intelligence and tries since the crash-landing of Guu'Nevevers, the 
" foreign-body " to get rid of again. As the 3 immortals the machine is relax 
Guu'Nevever momentarily freely. The nature recognizes has prepared the damage 
that his/its sister-nature in Puydor and announces to unite schnellstmöglich 
with Jii'Nevever again in order to pacify her/it/them. 

As the survivors of the expedition come back Yammamihus to the temple to the 
INTURA TAR and Guu'Nevever crosses the life-ship, a faulty-reaction of the 
Bordpositronik occurs. The Positronik, which cannot identify Guu'Nevever as 
Yammamihu, introduces the self-destruction of the ship. Gucky, that recognizes 
the warnings of the calculator only through coincidence, can deactivate the 
annihilation-circuit in last second. At this time, all other crewmembers have 
fallen into a strange trance and have given the ship-functions no observation. 
The personnel of the INTURA TAR becomes addicted to the religious rapture more 
and more and pays homage to her/its/their " God ". With an active participation 
of the personnel at the ship-leadership, one only causes to calculate.  Gucky 
and Tifflors are themselves united over it, that must break the INTURA TAR with 
Guu'Nevever after Na'Call open as quickly as possible together, where 
Jii'Nevever prepares an invasion for the Milky way. The immortals decide to 
speak as quickly as possible about this topic with Guu'Nevever. 

Na'Call: The preparations of the dreamer to the storm on the Milky way run on 
full tours. Her/its/their city-holder and general, Michael Rhodan, just as his 
replacement Vorgen-Atta, oversees the construction of the fleet and guarantees 
that the plans of the dreamer are moved. More and more cross-ships, built after 
the old construction-presentations of the Varmieren, forms a protective peel 
about Na'Call and comes new units to it hourly. The only difference to the old 
ships of the Varmieren, that the reproductions of the dreamer own a 
Metagrav-Antrieb, is. The dreamer has already put approximately 5000 ships 
ready, only at qualified personnels it is still missing in order to begin the 
storm on the Milky way. Refrained from some sabotage-trying of immune Rawwen, 
proceeds everything scheduled. Vorgen-Atta succeeds in turning away an attack 
on the crystal-palace of the dreamer and to insulate them/her/it against the 
impulses of the dreamer of immune Rawwen. 

On board the INTURA TAR occurs increasingly often the incidents. Religious 
fanatics from all parts of the life-ship, so-called " Techno-Zelebranten ", 
want with her/its/their " God " near his/its and penetrates one, an area, in 
his proximity Guu'Nevever resides, into the " command-temple " of the ship. The 
entity can prevent worse and can direct her/its/their mentale voice to the 
Rawwen. After her/its/their long captivity not yet completely again in the 
balance, the dreamer transfers his/its instability on the personnel. Parts the 
team dilapidated so in lethargy others again in aggression, what has an effect 
persistently on the ship-leadership. The 3 immortals can finally call 
Guu'Nevever for the order and the INTURA TAR leaves after Na'Call. Before, the 
immortals still dismantle the Tronizator from the former stern of the 
life-ship, that has stranded on Smyrno. 

As the INTURA TAR comes Na'Call finally reach it to the meeting between Jii' 
and Guu' Nevever. The initial reunion-joy turns over into reciprocal refusal 
soon, as the two entities recognizes that repels itself her/its/their bodies. 
Jii'Nevever has developed itself over the long time of the captivity of Guu's 
and has become mightier. With the " union-dance " of the two natures, Guckys, 
that is think her/its/their brother Jii' about a multiple, turns out to the 
horror. As Guu' recognizes his/its mistake, it is already too late. he/it is 
overpowered by his/its sister and completely is absorbed. It is to be assumed, 
that still now Jii'Nevever about a multiple mightier than is previously. As 
Gucky, Tiff and Tolot the truth recognizes, they can flee in last second with a 
yawl of the INTURA TAR. On board, they rescue also the Tronizator, the maybe 
last weapon against the now superior dreamer. 

Michael Rhodan advances the construction of the invasion-fleet for the Milky 
way. More and more ships join Jii'Nevevers invasion-being-ness and load on 
Na'Call with Tronium-Azint. Jii'Nevever requires to erect the Schwingquarz 
about a so-called Tronium-Azint bridge, a bridge, over which she/it can into 
the Milky way of überwechseln, about them/her/it there, to subjugate resident 
people. A new problem appears with the steady increasing of the fleet soon, 
because trained, raumerfahrenes personnel becomes scarce. Michael Rhodan solves 
this problem on his/its manner. Becomes newly with a so-called " Konnektor ", 
one deep machinery to the Massen-Hypnoschulung, member of all Puydor people 
recruited prepares on her/its/their service in the fleet. That of the Konnektor 
not always reliably some nature works and damages heavily by the equipment, 
doesn't disturb the general further. His/its task is to be guaranteed that the 
invasion tarnishes on the home-like Milky way scheduled, a task that him/it 
primarily from Shabazza was entrusted. 

Gucky, Tifflor and Tolot has succeeded with the TAR-MAN, a yawl of the 
INTURA-TAR, the escape of Na'Call. The fright over the total absorption 
Guu'Nevevers through his/its sister still sits all in the limbs. It must be 
assumed that the dreamer has become even stronger and now her/its/their power 
on whole Puydor and finally on the Milky way will widen. In view of the 
superior strength of the influenced armies of the dreamer, the situation 
doesn't look for the 3 Galaktikers especially well. You/they grasp the bold 
plan to attack Jii'Nevever with the carried off Trozinator, which promises 
little success in view of the Tronium-Azint bridge after Curayo however. The 
dreamer could flee from Na'Call into the Minzant-System and would be warned. If 
the action should have a sense, one had to then would attack Na'Call and Curayo 
simultaneously. For it bräuchte one however two ships and two Trozinatorens. 

Despite the bad situation, there is another ray of hope. A legend speaks of a 
secret research-station of the Vago Intaren, that withdrawn 20000 years ago, at 
the development and reduction of the Trozinators worked. The station is called 
HEJA-NIDO and them/her/it all fatal matter, it is, whether the old 
research-equipment still exists and in particular, whether there are another 
second Trozinator. First the Galaktikers head for the Lamboru-System with the 
TAR-MAN, from where they hope themselves active help and a second ship. In the 
system arrived the Galaktikers, that have broken out on the home planet of the 
Koraw a civil war, determine. The Galaktikers grasp in favor of the sovereign 
an and helps to finish the fights. Gucky can rescue the dealer Hotch-Kotta 
before assassinating rebels, who offer the Galaktikerns his/its help from 
thanks, with it in last second. After Gucky, Tifflor and Tolot the dealer helps 
rebel the MAJJETT from the hands to free, Hotch-Kotta makes available the 
MAJJETT for the plan of the immortal. 

The next goal of the MAJJETT is the Neutronenstern Perikor, that sun in their 
system itself the secret station HEJA-NIDO should decide. After initial 
difficulties, the Galaktikers discover a strong deflector-umbrella, behind 
which the station hides. Gucky decides to go alone on board and meets with the 
" horrors ". It is robots, that serve as bearers for the brains of the 
Vago-Intaren held at the life. This way immortal become, the descendants of the 
old researchers are still alive. The Galaktikers get the hoped help and leave 
HEJA-NIDO with a second Trozinator. 

During Gucky and Tolot on board the TAR-MAN the planet of Na'Call heads for, 
Tifflor and Hotch-Kottas fly with the MAJJETT to Curayo. After a plan 
calculated by Tolot, the two ships bring the Tronium-Azint Auflader to the use. 
The awake-fleets about the two planets can the Galaktiker with from the 
Vago-Intaren erhaltenen Virtualbildnerns deceives. For Jii'Nevever, the use of 
the Trozinatoren means the end. As the entity tries to flee over the 
Tronium-Azint bridge, she/it gets under the influence the itself continually 
loading Schwingquarzes. With more and more more highly speed, the dreamer is 
hurled between the two planet back and forth. In the end the entity dissolves 
and dies. On Curayo, the loaded Tronium-Azint steps into an atom-fire one, that 
destroys the entire planet. Also Na'Call enters the process. 

The reign of the dreamer is finished and another attack could become Shabazzas 
on the Milky way and her/its/their inhabitants. Throughout is released the 
enslaved natures from the dreamers Jii'Nevevers and can myself-always take 
her/its/their fate into the hand again. Vorgen-Atta, former replacement Michael 
Rhodans develops into a promising candidate of that the people Puydors into a 
new future could lead. Only the fate Michael Rhodans is uncertain. As Gucky, 
Tifflor and Tolot the former general of the dreamer overpowers and wants to 
remove the tax-chip of Shabazzas, they determine aghast that the chip 
dismantles itself into innumerable small parts and has distributed Rhodans in 
the whole body. As Michael Rhodan awakens from his/its unconsciousness, he/it 
understands himself/itself as Torric, the man of the times, again. His/its old 
trauma seems to become superior again. 

Deeply in the past: A robot awakens for the first time and recovers itself on 
the cosmic factory MATERIA. He/it, that he/it has over an own consciousness and 
is even capable to it, recognizes to emulate over a Emotio-Simulator feeling. 
His/its name be outline 1-Korrago and his/its job. 1-Korrago should wait on the 
arrival of his/its man and should build a robot-sex after his/its picture then. 

Present, 28.Juni 1290 NGZS,: Eismer Störmengords GLIMMER is in the touch on the 
system of the Sonne Century, direction removes 1499 light-years of Zophengorn 
center DaGlausch lain. The expedition is on the search after Shabazzas world, 
the headquarters of the unscrupulous opponent Thoregons. 

 The search after a planet or one [ilu1942a.gif (28366 bytes)] area-station 
first remains unsuccessful. First illustration PR 1942 (c) VPM a track-analysis 
of the Sonne Century, that, 
 minimal deviations shows, leaves open 
 a hidden companion closes. With 
 a probe, that at the calculated position 
 the planet is abandoned, that can 
 Terraner the existence of the camouflaged planet 
 covers. Century I reminds because of his/its 
 Size and gravity strongly at him/it planned 
 Ertrus. 3,8 prevail on the surface 
 Gravos. With this gravity must one 
 Normalterraner an Antigravgenerator 
 can move freely about itself start. 
 Century I owns a breathable 
 Oxygen-atmosphere. The planet turns out 
 itself as an industry-world of first position. 
 Furthermore, the Orters discover 22000 landed 
 Big-fight-ships, their cells the form 
 a pear standing on the head 
 shows. The Terranerns become clear, that with 
 this fleet each resistance within 
 DaGlausch with ease knocked down 
 could become. 



Rhodan decides. He/it uses the Transmitterschlüssel carried off in Zophengorn 
and eats him/it in the Bordtransmitter of the GLIMMERS one. Rhodans, Mondra 
Diamond, fairy Kellind, Monkey, Trabzon Karett and Tautmo Aagenfeld are with 
from the part. Bully, Eismer and Nico Knobloch remains behind on the GLIMMER. 
As first, the Oxtorner Monkey crosses the Transmitter and has emitted itself 
after Century I. 

Past: After an uncertain duration of the Wartens, a greater area-ship lands 
suddenly on MATERIA. one excites 1-Korrago very much, because he/it believes 
his/its " man " has finally arrived. It is Cairol about another robot, the 
representative of the Kosmokraten, the second however. Cairol should inspect 
MATERIA and should report the cosmic powers report. At this time, MATERIA is 
exactly in the galaxy Norgan-Tur. Cairol opens 1-Korrago, that MATERIA works 
mainly on the extraction of an extremely valuable ware, that ultimatums 
material. 

Present: Arrived on Century I, the use-team recovers itself in an area, that 
like on Zophengorn with numerous protection-installations is larded. Like 
before succeeds Trabzon Karett it to deactivate the installations. The 
Terraners find also an exact image of the primitive Positronik from Sha Bassas 
area on Zophengorn. The files don't have this time opened however and so 
Trabzon can pull a backup-copy of the storage-contents merely. 

Past: Again, an uncertain time passes. Cairol the second visits MATERIA anew. 
he/it has 1-Korrago, that is MATERIA near the Kosmonukleotids DORIFER at 
present, known. Again ships appear and pick up an unknown freight. Then, 
something exceptional happens. A big ship, escorts from numerous 
Transportraumern, materializes over MATERIA. The foreign ship is a 6,5 
kilometers long Hantelraumer. Also Cairols roll-spaceship appears and lands 
with the foreign ship on MATERIA together. Cairol reveals 1-Korrago that the 
foreign Hantelraumer part of his/its job will be. The representative of the 
Kosmokraten names also the name of the ship - SOL! 1-Korrago observes with 
displeases, as that is driven Solaner with force from her/its/their ship, 
his/its emotion withholds opposite Cairol however. Under the SOL, a gigantic 
sluice opens and lifts the Hantelraumer. Cairol informs 1-Korrago, that the SOL 
must still be rebuilt for his/its job. She/it is gotten a new look and a new 
technology. Hears 1-Korrago the name of his/its man for the first time - he/it 
is Shabazza! In the job of Torr-Samahos, Shabazza should fill a mission, with 
which 1-Korrago should help his/its man through the creation of a robot-people. 
As Cairol renews itself gives a farewell, he/it engages to take care of the 
accommodation and life-conservation of the Solaner for the time being 
1-Korrago. 1-Korrago takes care of his/its job conscientiously and has even 
some friendly contacts to the " organic ". Then, an incident occurs completely 
unexpectedly for 1-Korrago. The Solaners practice the rebellion. 

Present: The use-command about Rhodan has explored the cubicle-escape of 
Shabazzas to get without more, important information. Through the only door, 
the Terraners can cast a glance at the surface of Century I. The whole planet 
is occupied up to the horizon with terassenförmigen constructions, interrupted 
through big country-surfaces, that is certain for it, again and again to lift 
greater area-ships. Everywhere, Korragos are to be seen. A blooming 
Robotzivilisation has developed on Century I.   Shabazzas " terrace-mountain " 
alone shows no robotische activity. As the Terraners discover a camouflaged 
Antigravschacht in Shabazzas cubicle, they follow the elevator into the depth. 

Past: 1-Korrago has finished the rebellion of the Solaner bloodlessly. 
Paralyzes abruptly, the Solaners are brought back into her/its/their housings. 
1-Korrago, Yago Huryel puts to the speech, one of the leaders of the escape 
attempt. 1-Korrago, much contact has been in the habit of with the Solaner and 
is confused Yagos over the emotional reaction. As Yago talks itself with the 
conversation to 1-Korrago in stick out, the Robot deactivates his/its 
Emotio-Emulator and kills the Solaner as examples and warning for the remaining 
" organic ". Some time later appears 3 big, diskussförmige ships, with which 
the Solaners are deported. 1-Korrago doesn't know where the " organic " are 
brought, however he/it feels regret as he/it, that costs the deportation of 
many of the Solaner the life, sees. After the evacuation, the robot views the 
works at the SOL. 

The entire cover of the ship became off and replaced with a new, more resistant 
material. It contains microscopically small additions of the ultimatums of 
material, shines golden and is named Carit. The drive-aggregates and power 
plants of all 3 ship-cells including the yawls are replaced. That midsection of 
the barbell-ship becomes at both sides about per 750 meters extends that itself 
a new total-length of 8 kilometers so yields. SENECA the central 
Hyperinpotronik of the ship should also be exchanged. 1-Korrago, the 
conversation often seeks with SENECA and considers this plan of his/its unknown 
clients debatable at least. SENECA commands a rich experience-treasure and 
could be from big benefit. About the Hyperinpotronik, the history of the ship 
learns 1-Korrago, from the fate of the Solaner and hears the names Perry Rhodan 
for the first time. During his goes ahead the works at the ship. The two 
expansions of the midsection now contain big Automatik-Werkstätten and 
technical camps, just as an extensive cubicle-section and projectors for a 
particular orientation-protection. The second flange contains new 
protection-umbrella-projectors as well as a reactor-zone. The old drive of the 
SOL is replaced with a hyper-bar-drive, as well the old Hypertron-Zapfers, that 
are replaced with more modern implementations. During the rebuilding occurs 
repeated incidents. 1-Korrago, SENECA has to sabotage the rebuilding-works 
under suspicion. As becomes 1-Korrago stuffs, as fight-robots attack SENECAs 
work-robots of MATERIA, his/its suspicion seems to itself to confirm. 

Present: The Terraners have apportioned themselves to examine Shabazzas about 
the building more exactly. Only fairy and Trabzon makes a remarkable discovery 
- a deactivated, 4 meters big, bullig of built Korrago! Trabzon is fascinates 
from the giant, that doubles approximately in the cut, as big as the 
conventional Korragos is. Without that fairy it can prevent, Trabzon commits an 
ominous mistake. He/it removes the fence-good energy-umbrella of that the 
colossus in order to access the data of the Korragos surrounds. Too late, the 
specialist, whom he/it has activated the Korrago through his/its action, 
notices. As Trabzon his/its mistake is almost noticed it too late. Met from an 
energy-shot of the black colossus, Trabzon is hurled in the protection of 
his/its energy-umbrella from the area. That is his/its rescue, because the door 
closes itself behind him/it and becomes weld through the energies of the shot. 
In last second, Trabzon can itself and the data from the robot rescue. As 
Trabzon of his/its misfortune reports, reports to overpower itself/themselves 
Monkey about the giant voluntarily. 

Past: 1-Korrago does short process and has developed SENECA from the SOL. The 
individual parts of the former tax-brain are stored in the big foyers of 
MATERIAs. 1-Korrago watches with it on it, that the biological components of 
the Inpotronik don't perish. The first test run of the SOL after the extension 
SENECAS works sobering - nothing in the big ship works more. SENECA was 
connected the SOL no longer as central-calculators with almost all 
tax-elements, without which Hyperinpotronik worked. 1-Korrago sees his/its 
mistake an and has installed SENECA in the ship again. A new 
Hochleistungs-Kompakt-Syntronik, named SOLHIRN, keeps from immediately the 
control over SENECAS tax-impulses however and can prevent more sabotage-files 
of the Hyperinpotronik through counter-tax-impulses. 

A period of the Wartens and the monotony began after it again. As 1-Korrago no 
longer with it calculates the signal comes suddenly! A 90 meters long tube-ship 
lands on MATERIA and identifies itself as SHWOBAN. A humanoides, coarse nature 
with a size of approximately 2,5 meters, emerges him/it. On him/it for 
1-Korragos flavors something of too small proportioned skulls, carries the 
foreign part short, red hair. The shoulders of the Humanoiden are wide. That 
something too long poor runs out in sechsgliedrigen hands. The skin of the 
stranger is white and two small, black eyes sting under the bushy, red eyebrows 
forth. 1-Korragos, that be arrive his/its man plainly. The long waiting had an 
end, Shabazza stood in front of him/it! 

Past: Shabazza begins immediately to be met after the arrival with MATERIA 
preparations for his/its mission. He/it covers a cubicle-section in the new 
attachment of the SOL and gives 1-Korrago to begin the instruction with the 
construction of a new robot-sex. Slowly, the Korrago-Besatzung of the SOL grows 
on debit-strength and Shabazza is very contentedly with the current 
development. The new " offshoots " of 1-Korrago are only approximately half so 
big as her/its/their model and on the most different tasks specializes. As a 
gigantic robot-army finally populates the SOL, Shabazza course takes on 
DaGlausch. Again, 28 Solaners have expect managed to hide over the whole 
duration of the Umrüstung in the ship. With the activation of some tare UH 
robots, that were withdrawn in the " sleeper-mode " of the control of 
Shabazzas, enforces her/it/them an attack against the SOLHIRN to enable SENECA 
therefore to attain the control over the ship again. The attempt is knocked 
down mercilessly by 1-Korrago. In the end, Shabazzases are killed all Solaner 
by a cunning. 

After this incident, the SOL continues her/its/their flight unhindered. 
Shabazza begins 1-Korrago to grant a few insights into his/its mission. So the 
Robot experiences, that Shabazza has the clear job, the formation of the 
coalition, to prevent Thoregon. Experiences 1-Korrago so further the coalition 
stands on an unknown type in the context with the intersection of the Galaxien 
DaGlausch and Salmenghest - the so-called kettle. Shabazza calls itself 
insiders " of the coalition, as insider. His/its unrecognized acting against 
the organization of Thoregon from the fact, that decrees each member only over 
a limited part-knowledge of the total within the coalition, resulted. Shabazza 
explains the one of his/its goals to prevent the constituting year is. He/it 
presents 1-Korrago 9 Nanokolonnens, that he/it wants to start as weapon against 
the coalition. As the SOL DaGlausch reaches, Shabazza looks for a suitable 
base-planet and gives 1-Korrago the job to establish his/its 
robot-civilization. The planet Century I originates. After Shabazza comes back 
after some time of the absence after Century I, he/it appears the bewildered 
1-Korrago in a new body. This time, he/it still works humanoid however 
penetrated admitteldly. Furthermore, he/it carries long, black hair. 1-Korrago 
pulls the end, that is either Shabazza a shape-transformer or can take on other 
bodies. Shabazza begins with a new body as director 10 to infiltrate the guild 
of the vibration-researchers in order to practice his/its power in DaGlausch 
inconspicuously. 1-Korrago tries with his/its robots to advance into the kettle 
to decode about his/its secrets again and again meanwhile in vain. With an 
attack of a Dscherro horde that discovers Century I through coincidence, almost 
Shabazza the plan to appoint the barbarians for his/its plans and to start 
against Thoregon. 1-Korrago, that is humiliated by Shabazza more and more 
frequently, begins to feel emotions like " hate " against his/its man for the 
first time. Shabazza transfers tasks at newer, improved Korrago models, with 
which he/it has sensed 1-Korrago, that he/it considers him/it an outdated 
model, more and more. After another span, Shabazza appeared in a new shape, 
umschwärmt of a cloud birds - the Lamuuni. It attacked Shabazza 1-Korrago to 
deactivate itself/themselves, since he/it needs him/it no longer. The black 
colossus, over so long time in the service of Shabazzas follows the commands of 
his/its man with a wave of emotions and remains it deactivates, until he/it is 
wakened Trabzons by the intervention again.... 

Present, 30 Julys 1290 NGZS,: Monkey places itself as decoy for the 
Riesen-Korrago awakened " by Trabzon " in regard to the disposal. As the Robot 
follows the Oxtorner, the terranische use-team already waits for the black 
giant. The fire-skirmish, with which it doesn't succeed, occurs to turn off the 
Korrago - in the opposite that Terraners must itself before the vehement 
attacks of the Korrago withdraws. As Rhodans team in last despair activates all 
energies, the colossus finally retreats, obstructs the only way out from 
Shabazzas station however. Since an escape appears back hopelessly, Rhodan 
decides for the escape forward and forces an entry even more deeply with 
his/its team into the station. From all sides, Korragos begin to encircle the 
Terraner. The use-team is on the escape. Slowly, the black colossus follows the 
Terranerns Centurys into the installations more deeply and more deeply. As 
there is almost no more way out, the Terraners discover a red glider and can 
flee with him/it. The vehicle is the glider Shabazzas, a circumstance of that 
the Terranern the life rescues, because the Korragos don't dare to shoot at the 
vehicle. The black colossus is nobody other than 1-Korrago. The Robot pulls a 
completely wrong end and considers Rhodans use-team surviving Solaner. An 
unmerciful hunt, at their end of 1-Korrago wants to kill the " Solaner ", 
begins. Rhodans and the use-team can escape the access of the Korrago again and 
again however and can finally reach a big observation-center, that summarizes 
all information from DaGlausch obviously. To the horror of the Terraner, also 
all detail-information are to be called over Alashan - Shabazza is informed 
over the enclave of the Terraner very well therefore. Rhodan is itself the 
meaning of this discovery consciously and decides to leave Century I as quickly 
as possible to warn about Alashan. As the Terraner tries to come back into 
Shabazzas areas to switch about the Transmitter to the GLIMMER, they are put by 
1-Korrago once again. With the fight, the colossus is subject to and is 
destroyed by the Terranerns. The escape through the Transmitter succeeds and 
Rhodans use-team is in security for the time being. 

Alashan, that 12. July 1290 NGZS: The Terraners under the leadership of Gia de 
Moleon and Stendal Navajo make first advances with the overcoming of 
her/its/their technical problems. The Good Hope III was put down completely 
after the catastrophe in stand again. Furthermore the Metagrav-Antrieb was 
repaired successfully and was installed even a new virtual-creator as well as a 
trans-form-cannon. The technicians of Alashan can be on her/its/their work 
rightly with pride. As the ALVAREZ of her/its/their trade-mission comes back, 
there is another, good message. 10 compact-linear-engines are on board the 
trading ship. With help of these drives, the 10 TLD Space-Jetses finally leave 
themselves for the Überlichtflug umrüsten. Shortly after the landing of the 
ALVAREZ, also Eismer Störmengords GLIMMER appears in the Thorrtimer-System. 
Perry Rhodans and Bully report Gia de Moleon and Stendal Navajo of 
her/its/their use on Century. Rhodan demands caught the transfer of the Good 
Hope III and the support through 1000 TLD agents about Shabazza on his/its 
base-world to take anew. The two leaders of the nation of Alashan refuse the 
demands of the immortal impulsively. With the Good Hope III, the Alashaners 
would lose the single truly useful fight-ship. The more discussion over Rhodans 
request is adjourned on a later time. 

Unrecognized and distant from from this event meets a foreign, not to Alashan 
or the Thortimern proper nature his/its preparations. It is alone, stranded and 
observed the Terraner and her/its/their activities from his/its hiding place 
out. The name of the nature is Saewena and it knows the Terranern opposite only 
one impression - hate, because Saewena is a Foote! Secretely and mostly at 
night, Saewena stocks up with foods and technical parts from the camps of the 
Terraner in order to bring his/its plan to the perfection. The Foote intends 
them/her/it to call another Dscherro clan him/it picks up. Piece for piece 
assembles itself the nature a hyper-station and emits a cry for help. It 
receive him/it with it which clan his/its reputation quite no matter - most 
important thing the Terraner is destroyed after the discovery. 

Tess Qumisha, a young Terranerin of Alashan has always felt that she/it differs 
from her/its/their friends through a special offering.  First late, with 
increasing age, she/it/they, that she/it owns telepathic abilities, becomes 
little by little conscious. Admitteldly, Tess is no very strong Telepath, but 
with strong concentration on a goal-person can grasp her/it/them the 
thought-contents of the opposites. Strikingly at Tess, a certain Sehschwäche is 
for colors. She/it primarily clothes herself/itself in black, gray and white 
tones. The whole time over holds her/it/them her/its/their talent successful 
secretly, because she/it wants to live her/its/their life, which would be 
probably badly possible you as recognized Mutantin, more. At the 12. July 1290 
NGZS happens to something, that she/it meets like a lightning from heiterem 
heaven, however. Tess receives mentale vibrations, the pricking hatred against 
Alashan and the Terraner transmits. The mentalen vibrations, that they throw 
Tess out of the track totally, are so strong and dangerous. The young 
Terranerin begins to pursue the matter. 

Tess to this time, that has already become aware somebody on her/it/them, 
doesn't know. It is Benjameen of Jacinta, the young Arkonide with the 
par-abnormal talent of the Traumsehens. The Para-Träumer sees Tess in his/its 
dreams and feels a danger, that involves all inhabitants Alashans, with it. 
He/it senses her/its/their fear and astonishes that he/it only black-knows 
her/it/them can see. Benjameen is fascinated by the Terranerin and is always 
dreamed of her/it/them on occasion. 

Mondra tries to bring about a pronunciation since the landing on Thorrim with 
Rhodan. First, the Terraner gives way to that, Mondrases try from. Rhodan is 
itself, that must be for Thoregon and Shabazza alone his/its attention at the 
moment, conscious. As Mondra visits him/it evening in his/its cubicle, the two 
can forget a moment the events and can spend the night together. 

Before renews Perry Rhodan and Bully with Gia de Moleon together in order to 
speak about her/its/their demands meets the TLD-Chefin demands the Oxtorner 
Monkey his/its report. Monkey, that refers to the pure data of his/its 
evaluation, portrays Gia de Moleon Rhodans circumspect and responsible 
behavior. The Oxtorner develops into a clear advocate of Rhodans plans us 
recommends Gia de Moleon, the demanded equipment and team possibly to make 
available leaps. 

Trabzon Karret is employed with analyzing the covered up data from Shabazzas 
private-calculator and the gigantic Korrago. The biggest part of the data 
proves as not usable or inconsequential. Only a long sign-chain-code proves as 
extremely interestingly. He/it represents a type of Terminierungscode, with 
which one can switch the Korrago to the self-destruction. The command consists 
of the actual Terminierungsbefehl and an address that decides the recipient. If 
one wants to induce a certain Korrago to the self-destruction, so one must know 
his/its address to cause about the circuit. 

Benjameen of Jacinta succeeds in meeting the woman of his/its dreams. The 
pictures, that he/it saw during his/its dreams through her/its/their eyes, lead 
him/it to her/it/them. One congenial-shaft immediately senses Tess between the 
young Arkoniden and you. The two are pronounced, talk about her/its/their 
offerings and come itself with it near. As the two Mutantens are now together, 
Tess senses the Hassgefühle of the unknown station again. Tess espert, that the 
unknown has the intent, to destroy Alashan. Startled makes her/it/them itself 
on the search and discovers the hiding place of the stranger. 

 [Ilu1944a.gif (18142 bytes)] Rhodan plays his/its last argument with the 
illustration PR 1944 (c) VPM discussion with Gia de Moleon and Stendal Navajo 
from. He/it tells about the observations in the control-headquarters of Century 
I. through a video-record, Rhodan, that Shabazza has been informed over Alashan 
long ago and could lead his/its annihilation-hit anytime, covers. The 
resistance against Rhodans request melts down. With the Good Hope III, the 1000 
specialists and the Korrago Terminierungsbefehl, Rhodan believes to have good 
odd against the force of his/its opponent. Gia de Moleon finally consents. 

                              Benjameen and Tesses have found the source of the 
hate-thoughts. Saewena begins immediately to take the glider from the two 
Mutanten under fires. Since Benjameen and Tesses are unarmed, only a radical 
method remains them - you rams the hiding place of the Footen with 
her/its/their glider and kills the nature with it. Tess experiences from the 
thoughts of the dying Footen however that his/its cry for help has already 
reached a Dscherro-Sippe. 

Hardly the GOOD-HOPE III has left with Perry Rhodan and 1000 TLD specialist 
Alashan, there the system-orientation gives alarm. A gigantic structure is 
materialized and is identified as Dscherro-Burg. The hyper-radio-reputation of 
the Footen retarded on Alashan was belonged therefore. Immediately the 
emergency-program " Robinson " tarnishes and the Terraners brace themselves to 
the defense of the planet. Much, the Terraners of Alashan cannot exert against 
the huge force of the Dscherro. Into the system-defense, the 55 are included 
driving Dscherro-Boliden of the former castle GOUSHARAN in the Orbit Thorrims 
equally, as 13 space-flight-capable, poorly installed bearer-platforms, that 
carry per a trans-form-gun. The platforms, marks 1-13 with Robinson, measures 
30x40x15 meters and has over an efficient reactor as well as an impulse-engine 
which alternative-maneuver fast as lightning enables. The defensive-arming 
consists of a weak Paratronschirm, that encloses the platform and guarantees 
the atmospheric pressure within the sphere. The maximum speed of the platforms 
amounts to 90% of the speed of light. The virtual-creators are most important 
defensive-equipment. 

Besides the platforms, Alashan still owns a few hundred so-called " interceptor 
", also simple, rectangular constructions from Thorrim-Stahl, with a size of 
4x4 meters. The " hunters " are equipped densely with aggregates and are worked 
clumsy and improvises. In the practice, value was put on advantageous montage 
as well as simple handling and control. After the takeoff of the GOOD-HOPE III, 
Gia de Moleon has not sufficiently more trained personnel all " area-hunters " 
however too occupied. As the situation critical becomes and Taka Hossos shows 
no doubt at his/its intents, Gia de Moleon takes on the command of the 
system-defense abruptly. Stendal Navajo, that finds no more hearing since the 
system-alarm with the TLD agents, puts embitters solidly that all agents follow 
Gia de Moleons supreme command and he/it possesses no more authority as mayor 
Alashans. Embitter mans Stendal one of the impromptu area-hunters and follows 
into the defense-front about Thorrim one. Also Benjameens of Jacinta and Tess 
Qumisha man one of the flight-appliances and start into the universe. 

 With respect to the terranischen force stands [ilu1945a.gif (14033 bytes)] the 
Dscherro castle TUROFECS, PR reigns 1945 from Taka illustration (c) VPM Hossos, 
with a measurement of 17x6, 
 Kilometers. TUROFECS is the biggest consequently, 
 space-flight-capable structures in DaGlaush and 
 put an un-assessable power-factor 
 there. TUROFECS serves her/its/their 
 Country-platforms 38 Bolidens, with which everyone 
 Ship measurements of several hundred 
 Shows meters. 

 As the Taka gives the attack-command, 
 the Terraners of Alashan activate them/her/it 
 Virtual-creators, at times what big 
 Bewilderment under the Dscherro evokes. 
 Actually, the Terranerns succeed with it circa 
 50% of the hostile Dscherro Boliden 
 , to shoot down. 

As Taka Hossos recognizes the effect of the virtual-creators however, the 
Stammeshäuptling alters his/its strategy and can also enter successes in the 
fight. The battle surges back and forth and brings losses on both sides, 
however the leaf turns unequivocally towards Gunsten Alashans. As the " 
interceptors " of the Terraner can finally intervene all 38 Bolidens of the 
Dscherro is destroyed. As last public notice, the castle itself now begins to 
introduce the country-touch on Thorrim. It succeeds to land the Dscherro beside 
Alashan and her/its/their fighters at the ground to ausschleusen, then the 
terranische enclave is lost. In a last effort, the platforms fire Alashans 
her/its/their biggest calibers against the castle. Through a structure-rip in 
the umbrella TUROFECS, a trans-form-bomb can become platziert in the center of 
the castle. That means the end for the Dscherro. TUROFECS passes in a huge 
light-lightning, that causes huge nature-catastrophes on the near planet. This 
time, the people could repulse the attack of the Dscherro successfully. 

16. July 1290 NGZS, Trokan,: The Terraners get surprising visit. A badly 
injured nature totters from the fungus-cathedral on Trokan. The arrival sees a 
Maahk astonishingly like and gives itself as the 5. Runner Thoregons from. 
He/it names himself/itself Mhogena and carries a Passantum, a fact that his/its 
credibility underscores, because only with one Passantum, one can cross the 
bridge into the infinity. He/it pretends to come from the galaxy of Chearth, 
where his/its people, that Gharrer, desperately help of the Terranerns 
requires. After statement Mhogenas is threatened the Gharrer of the Guans at 
Var. With these words, Mhogena collapses exhausted. 

The Terraners trouble to escape Mhogenas lives after strengths. The Gharrer is 
transferred into a special-clinic on Terra, where the Ara Murx-Voxia tries to 
obtain the Wasserstoffatmer. Crucially for the total convalescence of Mhogenas, 
the professional treatment of some Maahk Mediker, that has arrived Cistolo 
Khans of the message-world on wish Maahkora, is however. The Terraners, that 
are interested also the Maahks in the strange guest very much, recognize by it, 
that accompanies the Maahk doctors Grek-1. Despite evident relationship between 
the Maahks and the Gharrer, there are some differences between both races. So, 
Mhogena is bigger and more narrowly in the shoulders. More inferior gravity has 
lived the Gharrer and therefore heart and lung are manifested smaller. Strong 
deviations are especially showy in the DNS and the brain-wave-pattern. The 
frequency lies essentially more highly and shows one unexpectedly, hectic 
activity - a fact, that the doctors cannot state for the moment. 

While the Terraner and Maahkses learn first details about the past of the 
Gharrer, the political opponent Paola Daschmagans begins the appearance of the 
fifth to cut out spare parts of runners for her/its/their election campaign. It 
is to be foreseen, that the Gharrers would crave Paola Daschmagans help of the 
Terranerns in the case of a voting out probably in vain. From the reports of 
Mhogena, the location of the galaxy could be determined Chearth in the 
meantime. It is 4736 about the Sternennebel NGC distant 15 million light-year. 

The " Todesmutant " Vincent Garron, that is still in the Sol-System still and 
influences Solder fire suggestively, begins to miss the voice of his/its man 
from the hyper-area. The mysterious entity of Quotor reports essentially rarer 
than early. As Vincent Garron with the Blue girl materializes Tuyula in the 
proximity of the Medo station, in which Mhogena is treated, together perceives 
the Todesmutant impulses, their sources of the fifth seem to be runner. The 
impulses effect Garron immensely and repulsively. In vain, he/it tries to step 
desperate with Quotor in connection. 

Meanwhile, Mhogena, that cannot discourage even cosmic events the Terraner from 
her/its/their election campaign-program, must recognize disappointed. Paola 
Daschmagan had not yet made it until now, a personal discussion, to agree 
runners with the fifth. For Mhogena is heavy to understand, as that puts down 
Terraner her/its/their priorities. Informed from the arrival of the runner, 
Atlan appears in the solar system. He/it is into reason of his/its 
experience-treasure over the Maahks with advice and action to the side. 

 Mhogena puts down his/its report over them/her/it [ilu1946a.gif (8615 bytes)] 
past Chearths away. The Terraner 
 the Nonggos experience appeared that once about 
 the Gharrer to kontaktieren. The Nonggo 
 reported from a cosmic danger, him/it, 
 Sunbathe-worms and the Guans at Var, that itself from 
 Sunbathe-energy nourishes. That has for them/her/it 
 tapped suns fatal consequences, she/it, 
 develops to nova early and burns 
 from. In the end, the whole galaxy changes 
 into a conglomeration of dead, cooled suns. 
 The Nonggos develop a plan, as she/it that 
 Guan at Var into a trap can lure and 
 Chearths want this plan in the galaxy 
 moves. With the sunbathe-safe, one, 
 artificially erschaffenen sunbathe-concentration, succeeds 
 the intent and the cosmic danger can 
 is entranced. 

The Gharrers are accepted as fifth people into the coalition of Thoregon and 
are taken on the task henceforth to guard the sunbathe-safe. Later, than 
Mhogena to the fifth is nominated runners and the runner-ship THOREGON V is 
handed over him/it, the Gharrer of everything learns about the roots of his/its 
people..... 

... .Nach of the escape of the Maahks before the Lemurern into the Milky way, a 
convoy came upon ships of the Haluter. The Haluter, at this time not yet 
pacifies, hunted the small Maahkflotte and drove the ships into one unknown 
Sonnentransmitter of the Lemurer until now. The Sonnentransmitter was 
immediately destroyed after the passageway of the Maahks of the beasts and the 
fleet rematerialisierten in the 15 million light-years removed galaxy Chearth. 
It can only be speculated, that the sunbathe-concentration of the 60 stars, 
from which the sunbathe-safe was built later, as counter-station worked. The 
Maahks, that now named itself Gharrer, what is called in her/its/their language 
like " the newcomers " so much, multiplied and developed itself independently. 
The Gharrer feelings and the departure of the pure logic developed over the 
centuries. You/they pacified the galaxy with the " philosophy of the sand " and 
finally appointed to the fifth Thoregon people. 

Mhogena, that an invasion of the Algioten occurred lately, reports an 
area-driving race from a 4 million light-year further, Sternennebels removed. 
The Algiotens, with which the people of Chearth already had contact several 
times, are proponents of a radical, religious cult and occupy the sunbathe-safe 
and all surrounding systems with 200000 fight-navigating. The Gharrers can put 
down this force contrary to nothing. To the busy planets, also Thagarum 
belongs, the planet on him/it itself the fungus-cathedral of the Gharrer 
decides. With a foolhardy maneuver, Mhogena breaks through the rows of the 
Algioten and can break through Thagarums to the surface. His/its ship, that 
THOREGON V, is destroyed with it - however the fifth runner can venture to the 
fungus-cathedral and where he/it finally asks the Terraner for assistance 
reaches after Trokan so. 

The disillusion takes place from Mhogenas conversation with Paola Daschmagan 
however. The first Terranerin doesn't grant runners the support the fifth 
through a powerful area-fleet. Mhogena is shocked. That is not stand by for 
him/it a people of the coalition the other completely incomprehensibly. Atlan 
offers Mhogena to fly to Mirkandol, about which to ask Galaktikum for help, at 
the moment the only alternative. Disappoint assumes Mhogena. 

Also at other position almost one plans. The " Todesmutant " Vincent Garron, 
that the Solomothen as colored shapes in his/its black-whitens world perceives, 
decides to leave after Arkon I. There, on Mirkandol, the water-natures mediate 
exactly between the parliamentary parties of the Galaktikums. There, he/it can 
be met with her/it/them! 

Mhogena assumes the advice Atlans and leaves after Mirkandol, the new center of 
the Galaktikums. The Gharrer is escorted by the Maahkses of the message-planet 
of Maahkora. Originally, Atlan wanted to make available its RICO for the flight 
after Arkon, however shortly before the start gets the Arkonide a news that it 
the immortal impossibly does, at the mission Mhogenas, to participate. To the 
question of Cistolo Khans, Atlan replies to have snatched an important news of 
the arkonidischen colony of Traversan, that his/its appearance does there 
necessary. 

Also at other position, one forges plans in order to fly to Arkon. The 
Todesmutant Vincent Garron, that in mysterious way his/its world in black-knows 
tones sees, a passage demands from the billionaire Joskar Jankinnen after 
Mirkandol in order to can approach the Solomothen unhindered. The Solomothens 
leave painful impressions with Garron, he/it sees her/it/them as single natures 
" in color " however. Garron sees be valid in the water-inhabitants " the 
colors of the evil " that to wipe it out. About the protection-measures in and, 
to handle about Mirkandol, Joskar Jankinnen puts forward a Public-Relation-Tour 
of his/its political pupil Solder fire. With the ST.AMARINA, the luxury-ship 
Joskar Jankinnens, Garron,JJ and Solder break fire after Arkon open. Also that 
blues girls Tuyula Azyk is still with the Todesmutanten. During the flight, JJ 
thinks about the common future of the strange trio. In the thought, he/it spins 
make-believes over the future power-structures after the redemption Paola 
Daschmagan through Solder fire. JJ's thoughts are extremely 
terranisch-nationalistisches. Stranger, nichthumanoide people have no place on 
the earth in his/its world of thought. An alarming future, if JJ's dreams 
should become true... 

7.August 1290 NGZS, Arkon I,: Bre Tsinga is still the PERLAMARIN on board, the 
ship of the Solomothen. She/it stands narrow contact by the water-inhabitants, 
who have achieved already numerous successes through her/its/their intercession 
between the parliamentary parties of the Galaktikums. Together with the 
Solomothens, Bre Tsinga observes the arrival of the fifth runners, that are 
escorted by the Maahkses after Arkon. The Maahkses are received with ceremonial 
protocol, a circumstance of that confidently it is correct, if one considers 
the warlike past of both people. But also Vincent Garron has reached Arkon in 
the meantime. Several times already the Todesmutant has tried to come to the 
Solomothen along, however always the mentale radiation has prevented Mhogenas 
Garron from it. 

As Mhogena finally before the Galaktikum speaks and the people of the Milky way 
about help asks, his/its concern is first lifted with applause. Cistolo Khan 
leaves no doubt, that he/it doesn't believe in an immediate ministration on the 
part of the Galaktikums, with Bre Tsinga however frankly. As that will finally 
give parliamentary parties big like Arkon and Akon taktierende answers 
politically plainly that it won't come without more to a support-fleet so. As 
the row is at Cistolo Khan, Solder fire interrupts the session and belongs 
demand to become. Cistolo Khan immediately gives him/it the odd that of the 
opponent Paola Daschmagans to hold Mhogenas about a fanatical speech against 
the request uses. More and more find his/its arguments hearing, happens 
somewhat surprising there. One of the water tanks bursts and rinses a dead 
Solomothen into the outside. Cistolo Khan, that can be this only the work 
Vincent Garrons, recognizes by the burst skull of the Solomothen. 

 Everywhere, armed appear suddenly in the [ilu1947a.gif (11130 bytes)] 
convention-hall. A circumstance the Cistolo Khan illustration PR 1947 (c) VPM 
first speechless opposite stands, because that 
 Carries from arms in the Plänarsaal is 
 prohibited. As the fire is opened 
 a chaos originates. Cistolo Khan recognizes, 
 that a goal obviously Mhogena is, that 
 behind his/its massive protection-umbrella for the moment 
 in security is. After more, more vehement 
 The umbrellas of some Maahks become attacks 
 comes through and the Methanamer with it 
 killed. That about itself grasping chaos is in 
 the action on working of Vincent Garron 
 , to lead back. The armed are 
 Member the service-personnel however also 
 the bodyguard, that through Garrons suggestive 
 Impulses to the attack is forced. 

Garron itself is helpless, because his/its attacks on the remaining, in the 
plenary-hall of present Solomothen, was deflected by an unknown strength. 
Garron recognizes that this mentale power of Mhogena, that runners run out of 
fifth. As Garron attacks the fifth runners with his/its Parakräftens directly, 
he/it does a startling experience - his/its mentaler attack is repelled! The 
first time must pocket Garron a defeat. Garron itself appears in the end to 
his/its attack in the convention-hall and abducts the fifth runners per 
Teleportation. Nobody of the present can prevent this. The plan of the 
arkonidischen secret service-boss, to shoot at the entire plenary-hall from the 
universe with narcosis-radiations, and consequently Garrons, to become in 
possession, comes too late about seconds. 

The shock over the attack of Vincent Garrons is heavy to digest and also the 
damage, that the Todesmutant has prepared with his/its action. The remained 
Solomothens fully ignore the Terranerns and even Bre' Tsinga doesn't succeed to 
produce the communication with the water-inhabitants again. Cistolo Khan is 
held on like all diplomats in his/its housing, during which arkonidische secret 
service examines the Vorfälle and interrogates the participants, for the time 
being. Under them also the Terraner Solder fire, that is alike Vincent Garrons 
a distressed annoy-bundle after the escape. Cistolo Khan can obtain with Sargor 
of Progeron, that one doesn't expose more radical interrogation-methods to the 
Terraners. Under medical care of the PAPERMOON, fire is interrogated, not very 
much can to the existing realizations to hinsteuern however. Finally he/it is 
released by Sargor of Progeron and can come back the terranischen flagship to 
the earth on board, where the letzen days before the election start to the 
first Terraner and the hot phase of the election campaign begins. 

 Vincent Garron is succeeded itself with him/it it [ilu1948a.gif (8506 bytes)] 
Joskar Jankinnens ST.AMARINA of the Arkonsystem (c) VPM 
 , to put down. The Todesmutant becomes visibly 
 delicate and a shadow is only his/its 
 even. The fifth runners in his/its force, 
 he/it still strives the craziness-plan after, 
 , to kill the Solomothen. Quotor, that strange 
 Voice from the hyper-area, repeats 
 to him/it and the Todesmutant believes, that itself 
 behind it a mighty nature hides. Tuyula 
 Azyk, that blues girls the Garron since his/its 
 Escape from the SOL-System almost affectionate 
 look after, more and more dissociates itself from 
 the Todesmutanten. 

The young Blue has been integrated into the next development-phase and has been 
stood in front of the transformation to the adult woman. This condition fills 
Tuyula with scares, she/it connects no good memories with the adulthood 
however. Garron has the ST.AMARINA crossed without goal through the galaxy 
meanwhile and becomes always more unpredictable. A reason for his/its delicate 
condition is runners the strange radiation of the abducted fifth. The Gharrer 
is a Psi-Reflektor and can sit down against Garrons attacks to the weir 
successfully. To the other, Tuyula Azyk withdraws the Mutanten her/its/their 
support something a reduction of Garrons Parafähigkeiten to the consequence 
more and more has. That result get force and unchecked behavior that first to 
sense Joskar Jankinnen. As the billionaire places himself/itself protective 
before Tuyula, he/it is killed abruptly by Garron. Tuyula has carried out the 
separation of Garron after this incident completely. She/it first supports 
him/it with her/its/their Parafähigkeit admitteldly further, runners lift 
contact with the fifth however secretely. The Gharrer, that itself the whole 
time over quietly has held back Tuyula, that his/its reserve will go to atomic 
hydrogen within 2 days to the tends, opens - the Blue, to help, promises. As 
finally Garron after some in the time of again from one his/its even of created 
Hyperraumsenken appears, he/it works again quietly and thought. He/it gives 
instruction to head for the SOL-System. 

On Terra, a crucial speech of Solder fire occurs that the influence admits 
through Garron and voluntarily from in favor of his/its candidacy his/its 
replacement resigns. In the consequence, the liberal unit loses her/its/their 
voter-projection and Paola of Daschmagan, the election can win with a small 
projection to the first Terranerin. Atlan, that visits the election winners 
personally, belongs to the first congratulators. The celebration to the 
reelection becomes from the message, one overshadows has located that Garrons 
ship, that heads for the SOL-System obviously. 

The situation on board the luxury-yacht ST.AMARINA becomes noticeably more 
critical. The personnel is delivered the moods and outbreaks of the 
Todesmutanten Vincent Garron that becomes more and more unpredictably. Vincent 
Garron feels betray. He/it believes to have lost the support of Tuyula Azyks 
and senses the Para-Widerstand of the Gharrers Moghena. The Gharrer, that 
possesses the ability of the Psi-Reflexion, does to manage Garron heavily and 
still escapes all attacks of the Todesmutanten. Garrons fury fokusiert itself 
on the fifth runners. The Todesmutant decides according to the Gharrers 
depletes his/its last supplies to have simply suffocated at breath-air. Shortly 
on it, another incident of the ship occurs on board. The Syntronik refuses the 
commander and Vincent Garron the service. The reason for it is a 
theft-protection, which takes on the ship-leadership with the death of the 
owner automatically. The ST.AMARINA approaches the SOL-System on her/its/their 
programmed course directly and nobody on board can influence the course more. 

Immediately after arrival Atlans on Camelot, the immortal Arkonide calls 
together the present Zellaktivatorträgers to a conference. He/it informs 
his/its friends about the processes in the galaxy Chearth and portrays the idea 
of the Algiotischen traveling-people. The Cameloters decide to go with good 
example in front and to send out the GILGAMESCH after Chearth. During Atlan 
after Maahkora flies in order to advertise for the support of the 
Wasserstoffatmer from Andromeda Ronald Tekener goes to teach Camelots after 
Arkon I about the Galaktikum of the decision. On the earth, a circle of persons 
collects itself about Janyan Jankinnen, the daughter of the murdered 
Milliardärs Joskar Jankinnen. All persons, whom one or several of her/its/their 
member of Vincent Garron were killed, have in common. The group swears revenge 
and supports financially by Janyan Jankinnen. At the 31. August 1290 NGZS 
reaches Atlan with its RICO the planet Maahkora. The Arkonide is predestined on 
the basis of his/its experiences in order to accept with the Maahkses into the 
tricky question about support for Chearth contact. 

 [Ilu1949a.gif (11223 bytes)] on board the ST.AMARINA seeks Tuyula Azyk 
 (C) VPM always on occasion secretely the contact with Mhogena. The reserve at 
breathable gases in the protection-suit of the Wasserstoffatmers went slowly to 
the tends. Mhogena recommends to provoke not Garron unnecessarily and asks 
Tuyula him/it to return the Para-Unterstützung for the time being. The Gharrer 
imposes itself, Garron, to attack no longer through his/its Psi-Kräfte. Tuyula 
and Mhogenas want to return Garron his/its self-confidence so, want to decrease 
the endangering through his/its non-calculable outbreaks and want to hope with 
it, that earlier the Mutanten or later a mistake will duck under. In the solar 
system, the ST.AMARINA is pursued since long time of Cistolo Khans PAPERMOON. 
Despite continuous attempts, Garron ignores all contact-efforts of the 
LFT-Kommissars. Khan leaves no doubt at it, that he/it, that the ST.AMARINA of 
the earth approaches, won't admit. 

While Ronald Tekener reaches on Mirkandol as good as nothing, Atlan of the 
Maahkses gets the promise over a small Begleitflotte of 10 ships, which the 
GILGAMESCHS will accompany on her/its/their flight after Chearth, on Maahkora. 
That is almost have the entire contingent at ships over that the Maahks in the 
Milky way. From Andromeda, no help is obviously so fast to expect. Why the 
Maahk ambassador withhold him/it so. 

As Cistolo Khan finally succeeds in stepping with the Todesmutanten in contact 
and to furnish a standing radio-connection, an incident occurs. As exactly it, 
that is to be negotiated with Garron however, seems the TRADE appears, an armed 
trading ship Joskar Jankinnens and takes the ST.AMARINA under fires. On board, 
the group is about Janyan Jankinnen, that wants to take revenge on the 
Todesmutanten. Garron loses the control over itself and reaches with his/its 
Parakräftens for the orientation-officer of the ST.AMARINA. Cistolo Khan 
watches breathlessly, like Garron tries to kill the orientation-specialist. 
His/its strengths have reduced however obviously rapid, because he/it only can 
injure the young woman. Confuse, the breakdown approaches, the Todesmutant 
hurries from the headquarters. As Garron a Hyperraumsenke forms and can hold 
also solidly, he/it, that he/it still possesses his/its strengths, becomes 
clear.  Presumably, his/its murder-attack was aimed softened at the 
orientation-specialist by the strengths of the Blue. 

As Garron his/its lowers leaves and swings back to the final hit against 
Mhogena, that already approaches the suffocation-death, is, the Gharrer hits 
back with his/its ability of the PSI-Reflektion. Garronses par-abnormal 
killing-impulses are reflected and are effected calming the Todesmutanten. 
After a last, desperate attack, Garron falls into deep unconsciousness and 
Cistolo Khan can rescue Mhogena and the other hostages. Garron comes recover 
slowly into particular custody during Mhogena. 

At the 31.August 1290 NGZ, the GILGAMESCH breaks, followed from 10 Raumerns of 
the Maahks to the galaxy Chearth on. The action of the Galaktiker rather works 
in view of the big threat through the Aligotischen hikers, that has occurred 
with over 200000 ships in Chearth, miserably. On board the GILGAMESCH is 
besides Homer G.-Adam all available Zellaktivatorträgers, Mhogena, Tuyula Azyk 
and the Vincent Garron lying in the deep coma, that on asks Mhogenas the flight 
takes part. The fifth runner would like to try still to calm down the 
Todesmutanten through the support of the Blue and finally to heal. 

                                  - FINISHES - 

                    Start of the last Thoregon part-cycle 
                                  MATERIA " 
