In the sign of the honeycomb

An overview over the currently running THOREGON-Zyklus
from Michael Thiesen

The Heliotische Wobe--she/it is the symbol. the coalition Thoregon, with whoever Perry Rhodan is confronted in his/its newest adventures. What he/it in her/it
Meeting with Thoregon and his enemies already
hot experiences, becomes short on the following sides
zusommengefa·t. Doesn't can with it of course on
each detail is entered. Additional
Information to important Detoils gives therefore in
each PERRY RHODAN-Heft a glossary, that in the
Connection on the respective novel is printed.
What is Thoregon the coalition however?

Thoregon

I.Thoregon schÅtzt.Leben and culture his/its
Alitglieder.
2. The individual is so much worth like the collective. The welfare of the individual doesn't shall for
paramount goals is sacrificed.
3.Thoregon fights for the peace.
With this short charter, a Heliote outlined at the
End of the year l289 newer more galactic calendars, that corresponds to the year 4876, the goals of the coalition Thoregon. The terranische
Mankind experienced with this opportunity through
the energy-nature, that she/it was chosen, that
, to become sixth member-people of this association.
They should with her/its/their energy and her/its/their initiative
Terraner Thoregons rescue.
Since Jahrzehntausenden, the construction was advanced Thoregons in the secret. Again and again
the emissaries of the mysterious council loaded
from Thoregon new people one, to join the coalition. It was Sternenvîlkers, that had contributed in particular manner to it, that in her/its/their
Galaxien peace and stability took lodging. That
first Thoregon-Volks became that of the ØGestalter Æ
in the galaxy Karakhoum. Over her/it/them is up to now
little known. The Baolin-Ndas became after it
appoints, brilliant technicians and designers, that,
in the area of the galaxy Shaogen-Himmelreich
a hyper-area-blister, the delta-area, lived in. The third member-people of the coalition wur
him/it the anthropoid Galornens, that,
leading nation the galaxy Plantagoo. After
the Nonggos joined them from Gorhoon of the coalition and as fifth people finally the hydrogen-breathing Gharrers, that in the galaxy
Cbearth is given a home.
A protruding member each Thoregon-Volkes was nominated to the runner of Thoregon.
These runners got beside a particular
technical equipment a Passantum, a bracelet, that it enabled them, that ØBrÅcke in
the infinity Æ, to use. Over this fascinating transportation-system, they held contact
to the other Thoregonvîlkerns and to the advice
from Thoregon.

The extension of Thoregons had to quietly and secretely
takes place, denn' the coalition and her/its/their ideals
has a mighty enemy. In his job
the opaque Shabazza, a nature, acts
that again and again his/its shape changes and
to torpedo originating of Thoregons seeks.
Shabazza is over Thoregon unusually well
inform, so that the suspicion suggests itself that ah
Access to the narrowest circle of the coalition, under
Would even stand around to the advice of Thoregon has.
So, Shabazza knew for a long time that Thoregon in
narrow context with the ØKessel Æstands,
the position, at which itself the Galaxien DaGlausch
and Salmenghests penetrate. For these for
normal spacecraft impassable zone
the ØVirtuellen ships are apparently << decides,
which the Baolin-Nda in her/its/their delta-area
has built. Shabazza chose one therefore in order to can reach his/its destructive goals
Planets in DaGlausch to his/its basis. Additional
to the power-methods, that him/it from his/its man
into the hands had been put, had itself
Shabazza nine Nano-Kolonnens procures, lndem
he/it she/it the Baolin-Nda had stolen. The NanoKolonnens existed from micro-miniaturized action-being-ness, that a living host
could manipulate like technical as well

2

Appliances and that such an ultimate weapon represented.
The Nano-Kolonnens were original for him/it
sixth designated runners of Thoregon
decide--for Perry Rhodan.

The bridge into the infinity
Long before Perry Rhodan and the Terraner
something of the existence of Thoregons suspected, the coalition made ready the reception of the mankind
as sixth member-people before. As itself Perry
Rhodan in the year l220 NGZS opened, about from
a long trip, to come back home,
a runner gave him/it and his/its friend
Atlan a cubic black box and said: ØWenn you she/it opens and the signs right
to interpret knows; then becomes your way into the new
Time a good is. You don't recognize the signs,
the opposite can happen and every new day
simultaneously the last is--or the most recent.
Takes this present and uses it well. Then
everything comes into the plumb. Æ
At that time, nobody still knew that the box one
Passantum contained, the key to the bridge in
the infinity. As a bridge into the universe
she/it has been marked once, as a bridge,
that all places together connects, each time
and each nature, everything, which lives, and everything, which
has died. The pillars of the bridge into them/her/it
Infinity and at the same time her/its/their entry-gates
the fungus-cathedrals are. It is 99 meters long stalks,
that usually to the biggest part in the ground hidden
is and those, like with a fungus, a small,
Hat mounts. Her/its/their cover shows no opening,
and only justifiable can penetrate her/it/them.
Also on Trokan, that new fourth planets
the Solsystems, such a fungus-cathedral stands. That
ôdwelt Trokan is only since the year
12l8 NGZS in the home-system of the mankind. You/they
come from the rear of the universe and
the substitute is Nars, that removes, for the planet
werde'n had to, because he/it to a deadly danger
for all life in the Solsystem had become.
Originally, the fungus-cathedral would have the Terranern
hidden should remain, until these a member
Thoregons would have become, but a stupid
Coincidence ruined this planning of the coalition. He/it pushed in the galaxy of Brîhnder namely
intergalactic criminals Kummerog on Zenn
dicyl Pervorat Zeun, the dying fourth,
Offered from Thoregon, that Shabazza to the victim
had fallen. The Nonggo handed over Kummerog
his/its Passantum and asked him/it to relay a message. So, the criminal discovered the HighTech-Arsenal, that the Baolin-Nda furnished for Perry Rhodan, the coming sixth runners,
had. Through Kummerogs manipulations became
the irreplaceable arsenal destroys, and the criminal himself got on the bridge into the infinity. She/it led him/it to the fungus-cathedral of Trokan.
On Trokan, an appliance solved, that Kummerog from
the Baolin-Nda-Arsenal had taken,
the Zeitraffer-Effekt from. The planet wrapped itself in
a field, in which the time proceeded enormously quickly.
While applied for the people of the Solsystems fewer than seven decades, passed
on Trokan of two hundred-fifty million years,
and that developed under the time-umbrella
People of the Herreach.
Directly after the end of the ZeitrafferEffekts Perry Rhodan Trokan visited and pushed
there on the fungus-cathedral. As became through magic
the immortal Terraner of the strange
Structures attracted and penetrated his silvery-shiny cover. After he/it had crossed a fog-zone, he/it was located on one ten
Neters spread bridge again, that from black
Planks was formed. You/they looked, as bestÅnden she/it from pure graphite. The bridge hovered
in the nothingness, and his/its buttresses lost themselves in
unrecognizable depths. Neither a start nor
an end of the plank-row was to be seen.
While Perry Rhodan over the black
Bridge strode, he/it saw around shining heavenly bodies, umwirbelt of her/its/their planets, about itself
became aware black holes and saw, like
the fire-wheels of Galaxien itself developed and
coincided again in itself. It was, as experiences
he/it at the same time birth and death of the cosmos, as
streak him/it the breath of the creator.
Perry Rhodan had discovered the bridge into the infinity.

The developments on the planet Trokan and
the discovery of the bridge into the infinity
I800 become in the PERRY RHODAN-BÑnden
until l806 described.

3

The Frie4en of Plantagoo
Perry found on the bridge into the infinity
Rhodan the Passantum of the fourth Boteo from
Thoregon, that Kummerog left behind there,
had. Together with his/its alteri companion of Reginald Bull he/it hiked over the black plank-bridge and reached into the fungus-cathedral the
Planets Galorn in the galaxy NGC 5949, that,
from her/its/their inhabitants Plantagoo was named.
Here was the space travel-technology about centuries
re-more sinful than in the home-like Milky way, and the two friends felt
the times reminds, as which for the first time Terraner to
stormed the stars. Over real high-tech
only the Galornens had in Plantagoo, however
this Thoregon-Volk seemed to have vanished for a long time.
They watched out from the hidden
Galornen however over her/its/their galaxy and secured
the peace of Plantagoo. Over everyone, that in
a fight was involved, that hovered
Damoklesschwert of the Shiftings, and the Galornens didn't take care of it, whether her/its/their penalty
the aggressor met or the attacked. That
Shifting lie8 the aggression of the concerned vanishes, stole them however also her/its/their inner
Drove and halved her/its/their life expectancy.
The Galornens had been even aggression-loaded creatures with it once, that completely as unkind conquerors Plantagoo her/its/their dictation
had subjugated. They had begun after it, itself in cruel brother-getting themselves to
tears apart.

Discovered literally in the last moment
she/it however a method to her/its/their own rescue.
You/they created the dragon-shafts, mighty Mentalmagneten, that already the Galornen in her/it
Youth her/its/their Aggressionspotential snatched and she/it
to peace-loving natures did. The trauma
sat the violent past however deeply,
and so the Galornens were ready, the peace
from Plantagoo, to uphold with all methods.

After long, adventurous odyssey through
Plantagoo of discovered Perry Rhodan and
Reginald Bull the Galornen in her/its/their refuge,
the Pentrischen cloud. Here, the massive were,
blauhÑutigen Humanoiden with it employs, that

4

, To erect Heliotischen bulwarks, big
Area-stations, that for the ØKonstituierende
Year Æthe coalition Thoregon was certain.
On the Galornenwelt Helter Baaken experienced
the two Terraners that for years the Galorne Ce Rhioton, the second runner of Thoregon,
one missed. During Rhodan and Bull now
after Galorn came back in order to look for Ce Rhioton Shabazza slammed.
And the enemy of Thoregons found the Galornen
her/its/their most sensitive position. Through saboteurs,
that of Nano-Kolonnen was steered, he/it manipulated the dragons, so that the Mentalmagneten that over centuries collected
Energies set free. Plantagoo became from one
Wave the force awash, and the Galornen
took the murderous craft from once
again on.

Especially with support of some Zentrifaal, that before because of her/its/their war-lustfully-ness
with Shifting had been punished, Perry could
Rhodan the manipulation Shabazzas declining
does, before finally Plantagoo in flames
rose. The secret hope of the immortal
Terraners was not fulfilled however. Despite all
the Galornens gave the people of her/its/their galaxy
no longer freedom than before. Kaif Chiriatha, that,
leading personality of the Galornen, gave
Perry Rhodan admitteldly one with fantastic
Technology equipped blue spacesuit, but
she/it insisted on it, the peace of Plantagoo
, to force through the Shifting further.
Because experienced her/it/them on Galorn afterwards that
Ce Rhioton Kuntherherr to help had hurried, him/it
Thoregon-Boten of the BaolinNda guessed in need, Perry Rhodans and Reginald did themselves
Bull now on the way to the Baolin-Deltaraum.

From the adventures Perry Rhodans and
Reginald Bulls on the bridge into the infinity and in the galaxy of the Galornen
the PERRY RHODAN-BÑndes tell I805,
I S l4 until I S l 6, I 823 to l825, I 834, l 835,
I843 to I845, I852 to I854, I863 to I865
and I 873 until I 875.

Goedda and the Dscherro
Perry Rhodan had rescued the Galornen admitteldly,
but Shabauas goal was not to be met a single Thoregon-Volk, he/it wanted the coalition in
jars her/its/their totality and attacked therefore
many fronts at the same time at. A his/its goals
the Terraners were, that not yet at all
knew that she/it the sixth people of Thoregon
should become. In order to destroy her/it/them awakened
Shabazza the ØGro·e mother ÆGoedda, one,
dangerous essence, that from the Nonggos before
long time in a ØGrube Æ, a zone of absolute halt, gefangengesetzt had become.
Goedda was a gigantic GebÑrorganismus,
in the galaxy of Suuvar bred, about armies from
Warriors, to produce. However the big mother had turned against her/its/their producers, had
Suuvar depopulates and is to a danger for
the entire cosmos become, until the Nonggo
her/its/their drift in the job Thoregons an end
had put down. Now, Goedda had become active.
While Perry Rhodan and Reginald Bull in
Plantagoos wandered around, Goeddas children penetrated
into the Milky way one, occupied a row from
Planets and accommodated their population
her/its/their control. The inhabitants of fifty-two
Planets had to lose her/its/their life, so that Goeddases could be born mightiest sons,
the philosophers. These settled on fifty-two more, populous worlds
and created Goeddas brood-cosmos, a blister in the
Hyper-area, in whoever the big mother resides,
and new descendants could produce.
Billions of Galaktikern were again from the
Deaths threaten, because her/its/their vitality should
Enables Goeddas growth. But Atlan
and two more immortals, that Kartanin
Dao-Lin-H'ay and the brilliant scientist
Myles cantor, it succeeded to destroy the brood-cosmos and to destroy Goedda itself. And at the
The Terraners owed end it her/its/their strange new neighbor, that Herreach that one that
Philosophers in August l 289 NGZS into the gigantic black hole of the Milky Way*-center
it could lure, before they were able to form a new big mother.
The Terraners stood despite these rescue-actions
the immortal ZellaktivatortrÑgern still

skeptically opposite. Already approximately fifty years
before, the immortals had themselves from resignation over the refusal through her/its/their fellow men
withdrawn and on Camelot a new
Communities established.
Meanwhile, the ØKonstituierende year stood Æthat
Coalition Thoregon directly before. At the
23. A convoy of that flew September l 289 NGZS
Nonggo into the Solsystem one. He/it carried along a Heliotisches bulwark, one of the area-stations, that,
the Heliotische honeycomb should form, a revolutionary new transportation-system. The Heliotischen bulwarks enabled it the Thoregonvîlkerns, in zero-time approximately 30 kilometers long and
20 kilometers wide PlanetenstÅcke, so-called,
Factor-elements, to exchange among each other.
Still before the Terraners could clear-become themselves over holding what of this Gesahenk was, Shabazza slammed anew.
The Heliotische bulwark, that for the creators
had definitely been, he/it had into the galaxy
DaGlausch abducted. There, he/it had them/her/it namely
horned Dscherros discover, that with her/its/their
Castle-spaceships plundering from star to star
pulled. You/they were Shabazzas new weapon against that
sixth Thoregon-Volk.
The Heliotische bulwark became unexpectedly in the
Solsystem active. A part of the city Calcutta became
against a building from the home-system of that
Nonggo exchanged. Also Alashan, a part of that,
Erdhauptstadt Terrania', vanished. At his/its
The Dscherroburg Gousharan appeared position,
from the barbaric warrior-mob vorbrachen. Sie.legten big parts Terranias in rubble
and ash and raged under the population.
Because they carried off countless hostages into her/its/their castle, they forced to quiet-hold the terranische military power at the same time.
Admitteldly, it succeeded after tough fight, that Dscherro
to leaving of the earth, to induce, and
Gousharan, to destroy schliel3lich, but Shabazzas saboteurs had let all Heliotischen bulwarks explode. Kalkutta-Nord and
Alashans remained verschollens. You/they seemed in time and area astray.
And the Erdbevîlkerung was fewer because ever
at it interests to have pulled in itself into new cosmic entanglements.

5

The confrontation with Goedda and
is portrayed her/its/their children in him/it
PERRY RHODAN-BÑnden I807 to I812,
18I7 to I822, I828 to I833, 1836 to I842,
 1846 to 1851, 1855 to I862, l866 to I870.
The Heliotischen bulwarks and the invasion
the Dscherro is the topics of the PERRY
RHODAN-BÑnde I876 to I882, I886 until
1889, l896 until I 898.

In the empire of the dreamer of Puydor
Shabaua was aware of it from the beginning that it would not be simple to remove the energetic Terraners from the way. Therefore
he/it made ready sixteen million light-years from
the earth removes another attack on her/it/them
before. He/it wanted in Puydor, the galaxy NGC 5457,
a new confederate for his/its fight
finden,Jii'Nevever, the powerful dreamer.
Thirty-thousand years ago, the superior Nevever Jii's and Guu'Nevever had created, as
Incarnations the imagination and the mind
her/its/their entire people. Jiis and Guus bodies
Howalgoniums, that were named in Puydor TroniumA,zint, consisted schwingen4en quartzes of him/it five-dimensionally. The two should fill the bequest of the Nevever and Puydor him/it
Peace bring. They did this, in that she/it her/its/their
Charge through her/its/their dreams steered.
The warlike Varmirens leaned however
against this tutelage on. You/they lured Guu'
Nevever into a trap, paralyzed him/it through one
new weapon, that Tronizator, and hid him/it.
The alleged death of her/its/their brother drove Jii'Nevever to the fury. She/it wiped out the Varmiren
ynd chased the people Puydors through her/its/their dreams
into an intoxication of war and annihilation. Again, it was the Nonggo, that from Thoregon him/it
Job got, Jii'Nevever, that deathly
Dreamer of Puydor, to tame. You/they did this,
ndem she/it a time-torpedo on Jii'Nevevers
Residence-world Curayo shot down. Since then
>edeckte a confusion of time-fields the Plaieten, and in the middle-in there, in a zone from paradox-time, Jii'Nevever was caught.
But Jii'Nevever should Shabazzas new weapon

become against Thoregon. About the dreamer
, to can free, Shabaua devised a malicious cunning. He/it wanted to turn the talents of his/its own enemies into his/its tool. So abducted
he/it in the year l238 NGZS first the ZellaktivatortrÑger Michael Rhodan and Julian Tifflor and
she/it turned into his/its weak-willed vassals, in that
he/it them a chip in the neck implantierte.
Then, he/it sent her/it/them after Curayo, about Jii'Nevever,
from her/its/their captivity, to redeem.
Since however itself the two Terraners hopeless
in the time-confusion of the planet got lost, Shabazza carried off l289 NGZS the mouse-beaver
Gucky and the Haluter Icho Tolot. Also she/it
got the command to free Jii'Nevever. On
Curayos discovered the two friends also Julian Tifflor and Michael Rhodan. For Perry Rhodans
Son, who had gotten into a field from turbo-time,
two hundred years had passed meanwhile.
The long span had changed him/it and in
an unkind, hard man transforms,
that itself Torric, the man of the times, named.
Together, the four immortals could them/her/it
Time-shackle, that bound Jii'Nevever, solves and that
Dreamer began anew, the people Puydor
under her/its/their control, to force. While it
Succeeded Gucky, Icho Tolot and Julian Tifflor, itself from
Freeing Shabazzas ban remained Michael Rhodan
his loyal henchman. As Shabazzas Statthalter
he/it drove the conquest at the side of Jii'Nevevers
Puydors in front. Gucky and his/its two friends
tried meanwhile despairs, him/it
The Puydorer resisted to mobilize against the new reign of the dreamer. As already
everything lost seemed, they finally discovered
Guu'Nevever, that still. in the TroniumAzint-Falle of the Varmiren was caught. But also
Guu'Nevever could the dreamer of Puydor
not aufhalten.Jii'Nevever absorbed her/its/their brother and put down imit Michael Rhodan together
the preparations for him/it of Shabazza angeordneten campaign against the Milky way away.
First directly before the fleet Ji'Nevevers to the
Conquest her/its/their home-galaxy left, could
Gucky, Tolot and Tifflor the dreamer of Puydor,
with the Tronizator, the old weapon of the Varmiren,
into the narrowness drives and finally destroys.
Michael Rhodan, still follower Sha,
bazzas, got into the captivity of his/its former friends and escaped into the IdentiÅt
Torrics. With his/its flagship, that Kreuzraumer
GAAFENOO, Guckies started, Icho Tolot and
Julian Tifflor end of July 1290 NGZS to the return flight in
the home-like Milky way.

Oas fight about Puydor is her/it object
PERRY RHODAN-BÑnde l904 to l907, 19I5
until 19I8, 1929 to l931, l939 to l94l.

With the Nonggos and the monks
In order to reach the Baolin-Ndas crossed
She/it renews Perry Rhodan and Reginald Bull
Bridge into the infinity, however they had to
it determines that the access was obstructed to the delta-area. Therefore, they left the bridge through
the fungus-cathedral of Kenteullen in the galaxy Gorhoon (NGC 5204). So, they reached that
Nonggo and learned to know their strange civilization. Through the SBS-Chip, that usually them
already before the birth was implanted, all Nonggos stood with the ØNeuron Æin contact
and was this way together and with
the facilities of her/its/their world information-technically connects. A separation from this ubiquitous connection became from a Nonggo
as felt unspeakable pain.

8

Moreover, the Nonggos already had a long time ago
begun, her/its/their home planet, the giant-world,
Ongg,zus cut apart and, to change into numerous sphere-wheels, that from now at the sun
Teullers orbited and on their inside - and
Aul3enseiten the Nonggo itself settled. On
one of these sphere-wheels, that Kenteullen-Rad,
the fungus-cathedral of the bridge stood into the infinity. Here, also the terranische district of Kalkutta-Nord had stranded, that that of Shabazza
manipulated Heliotische bulwark from the Solsystem had abducted.
The explosion of the Heliotischen bulwark in the
Teuller-System had awakened the KONT, one
Aggressors, that already Shabazza years ago against
the Nonggo sent out to hane, that this Thoregon-Volk had been able to tame however. That
KONT now rent the vital information-network of the Nonggo, but Perry Rhodan and
Reginald Bull could detain him/it and according to that
Civilization of the Nonggo rescues. To the thanks
the two Terraners of Down Kempesch Kort, the new fourth runners of Thoregon, a spaceship, the beam-spindle KAURRANG, got.
Together with some inhabitants of Calcutta, Rhodan and Bull now flew to the galaxy of ShaogenHimmelreich (NGC 5585), the home of the Baolin-Nda. Knew however in Shaogen-Himmelreich
nobody something of this Thoregon-Volk. That
they were mastering nation the galaxy
Monks, their culture deeply from the belief at that
Shaogen-Sternlicht shaped wurde.Von him/it was
itself the monks until now all seventy hours
durchleuchtet become and had him/it with it
immediate contact with the divine felt. That however now the star-light since sixty
Years had stayed out, that had. Culture that
Monks in her/its/their Grundfesten jar and she/it
the attacks of the Traal-Gegenkults delivered.
While she/it the monk Siebenton, the pastor of cloud-place, in the fight against his/its
Enemies supported, Perry Rhodans pushed and
his/its companions on an invisible planet
and became from a TransmittersphÑre in him/it
Baolin-Deltaraum moved.
You/they found devastates the hyper-area-blister before.
From the hundred thousand Baolin-Ndas, that once

the delta-area had populated, only lived
Tautanbyrk and Viviaree. All remaining were
a Nano-Kolonne to the victim, that had Shabazza into her/its/their habitat eingeschleust, fallen.
Not only that area-station was damaged by the destructive working of the Nano-Kolonne
become, from which once the Shaogen-Sternlicht
had gone out, also Kuntherherr and Ce Rhioton, the two runners Thoregons, was him/it
Shabauas attacked pleases to the victim. The virtual ships, that had built the Baolin-Nda by the order of Thoregons, had escaped the catastrophe however. Perry Rhodan and his/its
Companions rescued the life Tautanbyrks and
Viviarees and experienced with it that the doll-is liable body the brilliant technicians only RobothÅllen was and a gray tissue-lump, that,
, ØSeele Æthe Baolin-Nda, lodged.
As emissary Thoregons appeared only one Heliote in the fungus-cathedral of the Baolin-Deltaraums. The spherical energy-nature announced, that the Terraner chooses as sixth people of the coalition
has become, and appointed Perry Rhodan to the
Sixth runners of Thoregon. The Heliote
explained further that the legendary SOL that
future flagship of the sixth runners is
shall. That since centuries verschollene terranische Generationenschiff is in Shabazzas however
Pleases hand and in the duplicate-galaxy Whirlpool (NGC 5194 and NGC 5195) .zu finds.

Perry Rhodans experiences with the Nonggos
becomes tells 1883 to I885 in the PERRY RHODAN-BÑnden, his/its adventures in Shaogen-Himmelreich and in the Baolin-Deltaraum in
the PERRY RHODAN-BÑnden I890 to l895,
I899 and l 900.

The galaxy of the space-vibrations
On the way after Whirlpool, Tessmas corroded,
insektoide tools of the Baolin-Nda, that through
Shabazzas attack had degenerated, that KAURRANG. As shipwreckeds, Perries had to themselves
Rhodan and his/its companions on a planet
the small galaxy NGC 5I95 rescues, that from
her/its/their inhabitants Salmenghest was named.
The people of Salmenghest and from DaGlausch,

the bigger component of the duplicate-galaxy,
lived in sinful fear before the dreadful
Dimension-vibrations, that ten to twenty years
could continue and her/its/their exit in the ØKessel Æ
took, the interface, in which itself the two
Galaxiens touched. The I 5.000 light-years
traversing kettle was for spacecraft
absolutely impassable. Here, a hyper-energetic chaos prevailed, and the pressure of the five-dimensional energies unloaded itself again and again
in the terrifying kettle-vibrations, that throughout
the twin-galaxy could originate.
Already shortly after her/its/their arrival, Perries had to
Rhodan and his/its companions miterleben, like that,
Population of a whole solar system through
a kettle-vibration almost full-sinfully was annihilated. You/they themselves found reception on the ship the
Vibration-researcher Eismer Stîrmengord. Since centuries, the guild of the vibration-researchers examined, their center the ring of Zophengorn
was, the kettle-vibrations, was however still
her/its/their prognoses uncertain. The concerned could hope anyway only for it, the catastrophe
living in one year lasting Bebenhak to
it survives, even if her/its/their entire civilization perished with it.
With support Eismer Stîrmengords discovered Perry Rhodan that also Terranias district
Alashan after DaGlausch been lost
was. He/it had stranded on the planet of Thorrim.
His inhabitant, that Thorrimer, had her/its/their
involuntary guests accepts and supported
she/it after strengths. So, the inhabitants had established Alashans a new community, that she/it
with pride ØTerra-Nation Alashan Ænamed.
Under leadership of her/its/their mayor Stendal
Navajo and the erfahrenen Gia de Moleon, that,
former boss of the terranischen Geheimdien - '
stes TLD, they braced themselves against the numerous
Driven her/its/their new home. To these counted
above all also the Dscherro-Horden, their home was DaGlausch. His/its old friend, him/it,
ZellaktivatortrÑger Alaska Saedelaere, that with
Alashan after DaGlausch had gotten, Perry met
Rhodan aufThorrim however no longer at. Him/it
one of the virtual ships of the Baolin-Nda had taken before on board, about afterwards with
unknown goal, to vanish.

9

Perry Rhodan came upon the search after the SOL
in also DaGlausch on the tracks Shabazzas and
his power-basis, the planet, finally found
' Century. After demVorbild of the Androiden I. -Korrago, that he/it on the cosmic factory MATERIA
had found, Shabazza had created itself a billion-army of Korrago-Robotern, that
through a dense network of bases completely
DaGlausch and Salmenghest could control. Only the for a long time striven for venture in
the kettle was still the black robots
succeeded not. Shabazza had it for it however
managed, unrecognized the position of the director
, to occupy 10, the leader of the vibration-researcher-guild.
With his/its secret visit on Century
Perry Rhodan also experienced that the old SOL on
Bidding Shabazzas rebuilt and with most modern
Technology had been equipped. But still
always, the future ship of the sixth was runners in the hand of the most bitter enemy
from Thoregon.
Because it mattered to them urgently, that
Gia de Moleons and Stendal Navajo denied weak position to strengthen Alashans itself
initially, to support Perry Rhodan. They had to finally understand however that Shabazzas
Power also Alashan itself threatened, and put
Rhodan the spaceship GOOD HOPE III and
a number of well trained TLD-Agenten to the
Disposal.
Regiriald Bull and Mondra Diamond,die woman went with on board the GOOD HOPE of III of course,
the Perry Rhodan during his/its adventures in
Shaogen-Himmelreich, to love Salmenghest and DaGlausch, had learned.
So, Perry Rhodan broke renews after Century on,
, in order to offer Shabazza the forehead.

The fight of the nation Alashan about her/its/their existence is topic of the PERRY RHODAN-BÑnde
l910 to l9l4, l920, l925, l928, l932, l944            
and l945. What Perry Rhodan and his/its
Vehicles in DaGlausch and Salmenghest
experienced, turns l901 to l903, l908, l909, l9I9, l920 in the PERRY RHODAN-BÑnden,
l925 until f 927, l933 to l935, 1942 to l945.

lO

The fifth runner

Still during Perry Rhodan in DaGlausch active
became, the situation developed itself in the home-like Milky way. Above all two
essential factors decided that here
Events. Tried on the one hand calculated
the Arkoniden, that at the moment strongest military power
the galaxy, an unification of the galactic people.
First, the other people reacted to it
extremely critical. However as itself the peace-loving
Solmothen,Wasserwesen of the planet Cyan,als
Diplomats interfered, it came to first
Meetings of the Galaktikums on the crystal-planet Arkon. The peace in the Milky way seemed secured for the moment.
Did on Terra on the other hand, that still itself from
the consequences of the Dscherro-Angriffs, that Todesmutant Vincent Garron renews, had to recover from
itself speaks. Garron was prisoner in the so-called Para-Bunker on the Saturn-moon

Mimas, he/it escaped into the freedom however and
.beging in the consequence a row of ghastly murders.
Garrons activities obeyed an into the problems, that developed on 4er globes. Under
a reelection stood other for the office the
First Terraners at--it passed the danger that
the populist Solder Brant with his/its nationalistic slogans the previous incumbent Paola
Daschmagan of her/its/their place could oust.
The effects on the galactic politics
would have been unbelievable.
To all abundance appeared from the fungus-cathedral
Trokan a nature on, that itself as the fifth
Offered from Thoregon marked. Mhogena, so
the name of this nature, came from the galaxy
Chearth and belonged einemVolk of ØMethanatmern Æ" at. His/its predecessors were before round
50.000 years from the Milky way escaped and
in Chearth Øgelandet Æ, where they had built a peaceful culture long ago. The most important task of the Gharrer was, that Guan at Var, the monsters of Louipaz, gefangenzuhalten. Now however
the Gharrers and her/its/their allies are from, him/it
Threatens Algiotischen hikers that has coated her/its/their galaxy with war and the Guan at
Var wants to free. The downfall of whole
Chearth would be the consequence of it. Mhogenas single
Hope is that the people of the Milky way of his/its home hurry with an use-fleet to help.
A finale occurs on Arkon and in the Solsystem. The Todesmutant Vincent Garron becomes
from Mhogena Øruhiggestellt Æand can become capture. Paola Daschmagan can them/her/it
Election wins, Terras foreign politics becomes therefore
not nationalistic. A galactic Flocte to the
There nevertheless is not help for Chearth.

The events in the Milky way after her/it
Dscherro-Invasions are topic of the PERRY
RHODAN-BÑnde l92I to l924, l936 until
1938 and l946 to l949.

Beside the GILGAMESCH, the spaceship of that,
ZellaktivatortrÑger under leadership of the Arkoniden Atlan, only ten spaceships of that take
Maahks--the ØVerwandten Æand at the same time ØVorfahren << the Gharrer--at the expedition after
Chearth part.
There and in DaGIausch becomes itself that in the end
Climax in the THOREGON-Komplex initiates. Perry Rhodans and his/its friends become
with it answers on basic questions after
gets the nature of the cosmos--and they will find out, really who behind Thoregon
on the one hand and Shabazza on the other hand stands.
More important topics for the volumes up to the
big PERRY RHODAN-JubilÑum with band
2000: The secrets derVirtuellen ships. That
Entanglements the Algiotischen Sternenwanderer, the sunbathe-safe and the sunbathe-worms.
The super-intelligence Nisaaru and her/its/their ØKinder Æ.
The cosmic factory MATERIA and her/its/their master.
The future of the terranischen colony Alashan in
the galaxy DaGlausch. The big Sternenbeben
and the ring of Zophengorn.
